1	£10 deposit required per person.
2	$1165/70: previous resistance and 38.2% Fibonacci retracement of XA price swing.
3	£16,250 Monthly Performance Bonus Benefits Hudson are working in partnership with an exciting, growing business in Ayrshire to recruit customer focused specialists to join their friendly and hard working team.
4	“(1B) Development Plan documents must (taken as a whole) include policies designed to secure inclusive design and accessibility for the maximum number of people including disabled people”.
5	“2017 marked a key inflection point for AMD as we re-shaped our product portfolio, delivered 25 percent annual revenue growth, expanded gross margin and achieved full-year profitability," AMD CEO Dr Lisa Su said of the results.
6	£20 could help pay for one counselling pack to train caregivers in safe feeding practices for young children.
7	£2.5k to examine biogeomorphological species interactions on rocky shores.
8	£25 per rider, entry in advance only.
9	£4 per pack or the lot for £30.
10	£5,000 marks the average budget of a buyer that's looking for an affordable car that won't break the bank.
11	£54.99 a month as opposed to £32.99 for both broadband and line with BT.
12	"60 years of the VW Bulli" is celebrated during the first weekend in October.
13	£7.99 (not included).
14	“(8) Subsections (2) and (3) shall not come into force until the Secretary of State has laid before both Houses of Parliament a report giving his or her estimate of the impact of the provisions in those subsections on the—
15	A 16 year old youth received a youth rehabilitation order for handling stolen goods.
16	A 19th magnitude asteroidal object discovered by LINEAR on October 19.41 and posted on the NEOCP has been found to show cometary characteristics by several observers including the Remanzacco group.
17	A 2/3 bedroom property in the streets around the Lisburn Road in BT9 achieve in the region of £600-£700 per calendar month on rent.
18	A 28-bed hospital block for females and children lay at the south of the site.
19	A £2 million plan to transform a former Monifieth school building into a community hub has gone up in smoke.
20	A3051 traffic report, showing delays, incidents and roadworksThere are no current incidents or roadworks on the a3051.
21	A 30-minute drive takes you to Cardiff while Newport is only 15 minutes away by car.
22	A 48-year-old man is fighting for his life and a 19-year-old woman has suffered life-changing injuries following a head-on crash on a Suffolk road yesterday afternoon.
23	A 4 double bedroom, prestigious home occupying an enviable elevated location with far reaching views over Carmarthen town and the surrounding count.
24	A 4-in-1 inkjet with print, copy, scan and fax, the economical ET-4550 couldn't be easier to maintain.
25	A £50,000 award for 2018-19 will support the whole spectrum of The Point's dance programmes, attracting participants as young as nine months through to 80 year-olds.
26	A 70 litre rucksack will make you feel like Atlas in no time so make sure that your pack is comfortable and the weight is distributed evenly.
27	A - A document must have the permanent National Insurance number and name of the job applicant.
28	A backlit digital full-text display means that there is no need for interpretation of complex diagnostic codes and also gives an easy view set up sequence for quick and simple installation.
29	Aba Guest House is a guest house offering a number of rooms, along with meals and other services, for guests.
30	A balance of +26% of firms plan to expand their apprentice recruitment numbers next year, slightly up on last year’s findings (+19%).
31	A bald eagle on display at the Herts County Show.
32	A balloon is placed into your womb using a hysteroscope.
33	A basic understanding of the considerably differing risks posed by the most common asbestos materials is essential for housing managers to make informed decisions when implementing cost effective management protocols for large housing stocks.
34	Abbe recorded: ‘Charlie had probably been in a new mood the night he got into his off-beat clerical ‘Pilgrim’ garb and make-up; he left every pose to me.
35	Abbie enjoys all aspects of hairdressing but specialises in hair ups and creative colour.
36	Abbie Sampson, director of external affairs at Energy UK, and CO Be Alarmed!
37	“A beautifully crafted film about two people’s journey of forgiveness.
38	A beautifully designed collection of one, two and three bedroom apartments in Stratford.
39	A beautifully designed family home set on a sought-after road in Sunningdale.
40	A Bedminster Family Practice Bristol review will help create a directory of recommended gp practices in Bristol.
41	A belated thank you for this very nice review!
42	Aberdeen’s Go Ape Adventure Course offers tree top adventures with zip lines, rope bridges and tarzan swings for the active tourist.
43	Aberdeenshire Council operates a policy of selecting properties, on a random basis, for inspection.
44	Aberdeenshire Council recognises the critical role that broadband enabled services play in modern life.
45	Aberystwyth is stronger when it is united!
46	A better approach is to reward followers with messages about special offers or post articles that are of interest to your field.
47	A better quality version of the 1854 map clearly shows the stations with the two sidings.
48	Abi and Billy Morton completed the Worcester half marathon in 2:12:37 and 2:03:21 respectively while Monika Coleman was fourth lady and 18th overall at the off-road Shindig in the Shire half.
49	Abigail, who has been shortlisted for PA of The Year for 2016 and 2017, will explore the necessity of managing upwards in a demanding sector and give advice on how to handle providing an EA/PA service to a high pressure boss.
50	A big thank you to Linda who was front of house and was amazing.
51	A big thank you to those residents who cleared snow from their roads and pavements and helped their neighbours this winter.
52	Ability to work both independently and within a team.
53	A bill in 1437 for plaiting withies to repair the walls and daubing them clearly indicates a timber-framed construction.
54	ABINGDON CARPENTRY & CONSTRUCTION All aspects of precision carpentry.
55	A black MacAllister grass trimmer and a canister of fuel were stolen from within.
56	Able to contribute to group success whilst willingly following instructions.
57	A bluebell wood, historic dovecote, and a carved clock are just some of the many things you can find on a walk around the estate and surrounding countryside.
58	A boat had been brought from Bolton Hall and was being used when the rescuers reached the sheep.
59	A Bombardier in the Royal Garrison Artillery, he was wounded in action and later died in hospital in October 1917.
60	A bonfire, toasted marshmallows, a glass of whiskey, grazing cows and horses, and the setting sun… does it get any better?
61	A book entry is first valid when these fields have been completed and can only then be uploaded.
62	Abortion Referendum "Leaves Northern Ireland In A Very Difficult Position"
63	About 1 in 3 people who self-harm for the first time will do it again during the following year.
64	About 75 foals are born there every year and the team is exceptionally experienced.
65	About 80% of the protein in milk is casein.
66	About a month later he gave similar assistance in rendering safe unexploded German bombs.
67	About a third of the running costs are met by local health authorities, with the rest coming through fundraising.
68	About half of the module is dedicated to the application of advanced statistical methods to the area of asset pricing and to practical work with real-world data.
69	AboutHow secure are your company authentication codes?
70	About ten thousand people have clicked ‘attending’ so far.
71	About the marketing of cigarettes in developing countries, especially in Africa.
72	About two million people remain internally displaced in Congo due to continued fighting between the military and armed groups.
73	About us delivery info payment info returns FAQs bury my heart at wounded knee new book product detail author: Dee Brown ISBN/ean: 978 publisher: random house.
74	Above all, the book reveals how, in those six years, the British people came closer to discarding their social conventions than at any time since Cromwell's republic.
75	ABP has a network of 21 UK ports, including the East Anglian ports of Ipswich, Lowestoft and Kings Lynn.
76	A Brand Fraud Manager is required by one of Leicestershire's leading retail employers.
77	A brand-new picture book story with six envelopes containing clues to pull out to help Peppa and George solve the mystery of where Granny and Grandpa Pig have gone on their summer holiday!
78	A brand new Ringtons keepsake!
79	A break below 63.30 is likely to trigger a minor setback to retest the 62.45/62.20 intermediate support (former range resistance from 08/17 Mar 2018.
80	A breakdown of the cookies themselves can be found at the bottom of this page.
81	A Brie quiche with hints of cranberry is a fantastic way to use up any cheeseboard leftovers.
82	A brilliantly bonkers family attraction, which begins when you board the DreamWorks Tours magical flying 4D bus then explore 10 laugh-out-loud fairytale themed…
83	A British Cycling mountain bike leader is an experienced rider with great local knowledge who is qualified to guide off-road cyclists through a wide range of terrain and provide a fantastic day out.
84	A British man is wanted in the US in connection with an international gang accused of committing £380m in cyber fraud and targeting thousands of bank customers in the UK (
85	A British soldier was shot dead by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in south Armagh.
86	A bronze tint should be used for skeet, clay-pigeon and trap shooting.
87	A BR pilotman worked the section from Waterloo Goods box to Waterloo Road Crossing and a MD&HB pilotman worked from Waterloo Road Crossing to Riverside.
88	Absent management software provides many long-term benefits for companies of all sizes; although small businesses may seem easier to manage in terms of leave management systems, they still require a lot of structure, attention and organization.
89	Absolutely awesome job.
90	Absolutely fantastic Mother Earth and Daphne are on of a kind!
91	Absolutely mad that people petitioned the council to get it into the town but, well, there you go!
92	A bugle call sounds, and the torches are hurled into the galley.
93	A built-in accelerometer captures distance and pace data when you’re running on an indoor track or treadmill, with no need for a separate foot pod accessory.
94	Abuse - whether physical, sexual or emotional - can affect the way you feel.
95	A business owner who has had one of his shops searched by Trading Standards officials on three occasions has been given a premises licenses for a new mini supermarket by Huntingdonshire District Council.
96	Abusive behaviour will not be tolerated on site.
97	Academically, my best experience was working on the Virtualization project.
98	Academics added that this effect was even being seen among people who are now in their forties, and that this is not a feature solely of the 'millennials' but a cumulative build-up over a quarter of a century.
99	Academic staff from non-UK universities Reading access only, including Special Collections materials Temporary tickets valid for seven consecutive days within any six month period are free of charge.
100	Academics then went on to calculate how much each tonne of CO should be priced at to match foregone profits from timber and rubber profits – the ‘break-even’ carbon prices.
101	A Caesar salad made tableside is another nice option.
102	A cafe with refreshments and toilet facilities is available at the Llys Llywelyn heritage centre.
103	A call for evidence will be launched over the summer on plans to update the current HGV Road User Levy, with a greater incentivisation of efficient routes and better air quality vehicles.
104	A campaign to educate businesses on the new law will occur between April and October, with consumers being informed from October.
105	A car and pedestrian have been involved in an accident.
106	A card holder featuring an image from the James Cook: The Voyages exhibition.
107	A Cardiff dad has relived the terrifying moment he almost died when his kayak overturned in icy water.
108	A Career at ANS meANS more than you think.
109	A career with Macdonald Hotels & Resorts, however, offers you excellent opportunities to progress as well as personal and financial rewards.
110	A care home in Isleworth is opening its doors to the local community for a special celebration to mark the upcoming royal wedding.
111	A Carephone is a special unit that plugs into your telephone line and can dial for help when you need it.
112	A car in row 3, one in row 5 - now we can’t wait for the race!
113	​A casual, weekly group for knitters of all ages and abilities.
114	A cataract is a common problem where the natural lens of your eye becomes cloudy.
115	A catchy title and some more unusual interests can go a long way.
116	Accelerate Pipeline Growth with Eloqua Connector - D&B UKWe use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
117	Acceptable daily intake: none specified.
118	Accept that everyone has limitations and ask for help occasionally.
119	Accept that their partner has a right to live without being dominated and controlled.
120	Accessed from the ground floor through a spacious private inner hallway with a wardrobe and access to the shower room, and via a staircase leading up to the first floor and directly to the bedroom.
121	Accessibility is about making sure no one is left behind.
122	Accessorise your winter outfit in traditional style with this classic wool scarf.
123	Access to case information regarding children in their care.
124	Access to TalkTalk TV Store Inc.
125	Acclaimed, bestselling historian Alison Weir draws on new research for her captivating novel, which paints a compelling portrait of Jane and casts fresh light on both traditional and modern perceptions of her.
126	Accommodation (08 nights) in hotels 3*, homestay based on standard double room, breakfast included.
127	Accommodation in Torrington - The UK Accommodation GuideAdd/amend your listing here!
128	Accommodation is available on a Dinner, B&B basis or you can hire the castle for exclusive use.
129	Accommodation was kept as simple as possible to minimise the impact on our carefully conserved land.
130	Accordingly construction of Rochford Tower is generally dated to between 1445-60 although the precise ownership at the time it was started is unknown.
131	Accordingly, World Data Centre C for Glaciology changed its name to that given in the heading above.
132	According to a new market research report "Automotive Thermal Management Market by Application (Front & Rear A/C, Engine, Transmission,.
133	According to a report in 1955, a year after Amis published his celebrated first novel Lucky Jim, he had shown no interest in Communism for some years.
134	According to a StrangeLoop case study involving Google, Amazon, and other popular sites, a one second delay in page-load time can lead to 16% drop in customer satisfaction, 11% less page views, and 7% loss in conversions.
135	According to findings published today in the head and neck surgery journal JAMA Otolaryngology, a clinical trial in the US…
136	According to leading equity release provider Key Retirement those over 65 living in the South East have made more than £1,000 per month through property price rises in the past year.
137	According to letters from St. John's, New Brunswick, an ar-
138	According to Loyola University Health System neurologists Dr Jose Biller and Dr Michael Schneck, in a report published in a January 2011 article in the journal Frontiers in Neurology, more people will also suffer from dementia and Parkinson's disease.
139	According to NFDA figures, the average vehicle technician at a franchised dealership will have received over £20,000 worth of training by the time they become ‘master technicians’ around five to seven years later.
140	According to our photographer about half of the shopping centre is cordoned off by police this morning.
141	According to the Australian Financial Review, the vehicle maker is hoping to secure a deal worth around $AU70 million – with the Federal government to kick in an unspecified contribution – that …
142	According to the Cambridge Dictionary, this expression refers to something happening successfully.
143	According to the latest Lloyds Bank Homemover Review, the number of people moving home is at its highest level since 2007 with over 370,300 homemovers.
144	According to the Marriage Foundation, the number of weddings being held each year is at an all-time low - and only about half of today's 20-year-olds will ever fulfil their teenage dream of getting married.
145	According to the Met Office, the early mist and cloud will slowly clear to allow some sunshine, but a yellow weather warning for rain remains in place until 10pm tonight for parts of south Suffolk and north Essex.
146	According to the Office of National Statistic’s Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings in 2015, a full time worker can expect to earn an average of £441 per week on the Island.
147	According to the organisation's latest Housing Pipeline report, just 24,872 new homes were approved for construction during the three months to June 2012 - down from both the previous quarter (36,761) and from the same period last year (25,171).
148	According to the Wiltshire and Gloucestershire Standard, more than a third of households in the Cotswolds are living in fuel poverty.
149	According to this report, what is required is no less than a revolution in economic theory and policy.
150	"Accounts and tax support for the self employed and small businesses"
151	Accredited by the Chartered Institute of Highways and Transportation on behalf of the Engineering Council for the purposes of fully meeting the academic requirement for registration as a Chartered Engineer.
152	A celebrant allows you the freedom to have a symbolic wedding* onboard any of our vessels with no restrictions in the content or time.
153	A celebration of Sheila’s life is to take place at Grimsby Crematorium on Wednesday 4th May 2016 at 2.20pm.
154	A census is a count of all people and households in the country.
155	A central hub of information for learning disability leadership courses.
156	“Acetone” has been added to your cart.
157	A charming collection of miniature family portraits were left to Preston Manor and can be seen on display today.
158	A charming wooden lodge set close to Hallow in Worcestershire.
159	A Chatham business chief is taking part in a charity triathlon and hopes that others will follow his lead.
160	A Chester woman with a terminal brain tumour has written about her determination to live every day to the full in a moving new book about her experience.
161	Achieving women's economic empowerment has become an urgent goal for a wide range of actors.
162	Achilles lost goalkeeper Doug Mustoe to injury and Ricky Deasy took over in goal.
163	A chimney or flue and chimney stack is always inspected before a sweep is performed and a no mess guarantee.
164	A CIO has become a networking leader in building relationships and developing further opportunities for the business.
165	Acknowledgement that the Home Office were constantly changing the criteria for the way in which crime was reported, which then made it difficult to encapsulate the information for performance review purposes.
166	A claim pursued by a Claimant under the age of eighteen must be pursued on his or her behalf by a responsible adult.
167	A cleaning committee made up of camp residents ensures that a small blue tank outside the latrines stays full of water so people can wash their hands regularly.
168	A client misplaced a very expensive Rolex insured for £21,800.
169	A closer examination shows that much more modern positions are slowly morphing or going the way of coopers, cartwrights and blacksmiths as well.
170	A club spokesman said: “All skaters skated really well and showed that months of hard work is paying off.
171	A coach excursion to the start of the Romantic Road visiting former royal seat Würzburg including a guided visit to the UNESCO-listed Residenz Palace and Court Gardens, generally considered to be the most remarkable of all baroque palaces in Germany.
172	A coastal village near Kirkbean, Southerness looks out over the Solway Firth, Lakeland Hills & Fells and offers beautiful sandy expanses which reach either side of southerness point, where Southerness Lighthouse can be seen.
173	"A Cochrane review is a ‘kite mark for excellence’ and now we have a one-stop process to get the best evidence directly into the hands of those who might benefit.
174	A cold premeditation for my purpose!
175	A collection of unconnected short comedy plays starring Maureen Lipman.
176	A Collectors Licence will name the dealer and the authority area in which they can operate.
177	A colourful exhibition is opening at Heart Gallery in Hebden Bridge.
178	A combination of rising costs and shrinking local government funding means councils were left with little choice.
179	A comfortable very smart trouser.
180	A commonhold may only be set up if the land in question is registered land.
181	A community right to build order allows community groups to bring forward smaller-scale development on a specific site, without the need for planning permission.
182	A completed copy of the medical certificate template should accompany applications for factors affecting performance.
183	A completed employer's certificate of earnings (We have a supply of certificate of earnings forms).
184	A complex of 20 Amino Acids, Bamboo and Lotus extracts strengthen, whilst Baobab and Mango seed oils smooth frizzy hair.
185	A concentration of bombs is shown on one of the maps made from the Burgh Surveyor's records.
186	A Conservative party spokesman said: “It shows how rattled the SNP have become about their failures on the NHS that they have had to resort to making ridiculous claims like these.
187	A. Contactless only works when a card is close to the card reader.
188	A controlling leader is not one which stimulates creativity, so be sure to influence rather than control, particularly when it comes to ideas.
189	A cooling, hydrating eye gel enriched with soothing Cucumber and added Vitamin A for a brighter more youthful eye contour.
190	A copy of the agenda will be available here https://mycouncil.
191	A copy of the completed book should be sent to the Awards section.
192	A copy of the proposed alterations to Rules to be considered at the AGM or Special General Meeting shall be submitted to the Sanctioning Authority or The FA (as applicable) at least 28 days prior to the date of the meeting.
193	A copy of the proposed order, a plan of the area and statement of the council's reasons for proposing to make the order may be examined at Salford Civic Centre, Chorley Road, Swinton, M27 5DA, from 8.30am to 5pm Monday to Friday.
194	A cot (no linen) will be provided on request.
195	A COUPLE are living the green business dream and have built two eco-friendly holiday lodges in their woodland home.
196	A couple move into a new house and they will be disturbed by unexplained supernatural phenomena.
197	A couple of operations on the beach offer surf lessons.
198	‘A couple of seasons ago we would have lost.
199	A couple were looking at Australia and the wife who was a teacher asked about her job prospects.
200	A Coventry University fashion graduate who set up her own business, Bottle Blonde Studio in the city after graduating in 2014.
201	A crew also went to Carmelite Street, York after a smoke alarm activated - but found an aerosol deodorant was to blame.
202	Across all channels, the combined audience tuning in for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s wedding in 2011 was about 17.6 million.
203	Across Europe countries have overwhelmingly favoured spending cuts over tax increases.
204	Across ships and submarines, equipment cannibalisation has increased 49% in the last five years, with a total of 3,230 instances involving 6,378 parts.
205	Across the board – This is three different separate bets.
206	Across the country, the CBI have found that businesses are determined to get on with the job of delivering the goods and services that keep our economy moving forward.
207	Across the main campus in Tampa there are currently 25 food outlets with more in the pipeline.
208	Across the pond, the NBA — widely considered to be the premier men's professional basketball league in the world — is a multi-million dollar industry and its players the nation's superstars.
209	• Across the road from the Methodist Church is Victoria House, a pub in mid 19th century, one of twelve in Snaith at that time.
210	Acting Director of the Centre for Research in Biosciences.
211	Action for M.E. offers support and information to people affected by…
212	Action plans were written as a result of reported incidents; however, there was no robust system in place to facilitate learning from incidents or complaints.
213	Active management itself requires significant resources, as does selecting the best active managers.
214	Active steps have been taken to ensure that rape cases are dealt with appropriately and sensitively.
215	ActiveWater dishwashers use less water and less energy, with increased performance.
216	Active-wear is comfortable and ideal for layering, making it easy to adapt to different revision environments.
217	Activities include cutting meadows, weeding the wildlife garden, coppicing trees, cutting back bramble and pond maintenance.
218	Actor Freddie Highmore sat next to musician Mr Hudson, while Thom Evans – boyfriend of Kelly Brook – also looked on keenly.
219	Actors, architects, entrepreneurs, solicitors and surgeons – all kinds of professionals contribute to the teaching.
220	Actress Alison Steadman said: “As a patron of Clapperboard and a huge fan of its charitable work across the North West, I’m delighted that I am able to attend this year’s Awards Ceremony to present the special Alison Steadman Award for active citizenship.
221	ACT therapy encourages clients to be psychologically present - making a conscious effort to connect with whatever is happening in the here and now.
222	Actually my EDD is 24th march but still im carrying.
223	Actually taking place over a fortnight during late July and early August, there’s a host of events up and down the Yorkshire coast.
224	Actually, that isn’t the reason.
225	Actually, the feedback section may become very useful for you, if you have never used custom writing services before.
226	Actually when I stop and delve in to my pack for the camera she shows a lot of excitement but that soon turns to disappointment when biscuits are not produced.
227	Acupuncture treatment is based on the idea that illness is the manifestation of your body coming out of balance when your Qi (vital energy) is unable to flow throughout the body.
228	A curious point in connexion with this function was that although Cambridge got in its invitation to the Duke before the Oxford authorities, the latter University managed to arrange that the first visit for the conferment of degrees should be to Oxford.
229	A cycle route which requires a cyclist to dismount is not a cycle route.
230	A Dagenham man is among 13 people arrested this week during three traffic operations by Essex Police.
231	Adam asked all 40 children sat in front of him after an hour of activity.
232	Adam Ellis, who has made a good start to the season with Lakeside, will guest for Bach tonight, while rider replacement will also be used for Klindt at Glasgow after it worked effectively at Berwick.
233	Adam Gas and Plumbing Services provide a peace of mind service to anyone who require a gas engineer or plumber at affordable prices.
234	Adam Palmer seized on a through-ball to put the visitors in front off the underside of the post, before Callum Harrison doubled their lead on 20 minutes with a well-executed strike.
235	Adam Price added the extras to keep Llanidloes in control.
236	Adam Stroud, Sales and Marketing Director at Paxton Access, says: “Net2 nano can be used in conjunction with our Net2 plus and Net2 classic control units for access points that are tricky to cable to such as gates, barriers and remote buildings.
237	Adapting cancer care to the challenges imposed by tumor micro- and macroevolution and developing deeper insight into parallel evolutionary events may prove central to improving outcome and reducing drug development costs.
238	A data sharing agreement will ensure that all aspects of the processing of the personal data are managed appropriately.
239	A day at the races is pretty special, the glamorous fashion, the colourful silks, the beautiful thoroughbreds and the thunder of hooves!
240	A day working as a postman or courier burns almost 1,500 calories and is the equivalent to running for almost two hours on a treadmill, making them Britain’s fittest workforce according to new research by Virgin Active.
241	AdBlue needs to be kept out of direct sunlight and between 0 - 30°C.
242	Add a hint of stylish stripes to your denim collection with these shorts.
243	Add a kick to your day with a with a burst of orange, spiced with turmeric, ginger and cayenne.
244	Add a knob of butter and turn the fish in the pan, cooking for a further minute or two.
245	Add a photo of the tree problem by clicking Choose file.
246	Add a sense of fun to your hallway with a dog-print wallpaper.
247	Add a timeless touch of sparkle to your jewellery box with this undeniably pretty pendant.
248	Add a touch of style to the living room with this elegant piece of furniture with two hinged doors, one drop-down door, and one media shelf Size: Medium.
249	Add contacts and update them as needed, and much more.
250	Added AFO from a recent thread, after googling it - not sure about BM from same thread.
251	Added information about residential schools and colleges to the social care privacy notice.
252	Added to this we provide compelling stories about the history around you, whilst you find answers to clues along the way - so you see everything there is to see, and have fun too!
253	Add individual balls to the mix and roll around to coat.
254	Additional branches to be added to existing TPO membership or registraion.
255	Additional critical illness provides cover for additional critical illness conditions at no extra cost.
256	Additional Hull sports centres can be found in the subcategories listed below.
257	Additional insuance can be provided for a small extra charge) All prices charged are 24 hours per day 7 days per week Bank Holidays inclusive.
258	Additionally, contract monitoring methods will be established to ensure that the desired environmental impact actually takes place.
259	Additionally, many of the retail parks around the city have free parking.
260	Additionally, there are diseases in other countries, which are not prevalent in the UK or other European states, which may impact on the health of your guide or assistance dog.
261	Additionally there are duties placed upon employers to assess risks to health.
262	Additionally, the rewards increasingly come to be regarded as rights to be expected, rather than incentives to greater satisfaction and achievement.
263	Additionally the scheme benefited from the support of the energy efficiency incentive program of the Federal Credit Bank.
264	Additionally, with our bulk ink system we recycle our ink cartridges and minimise wastage of inks making the entire printing process lean and green.
265	Additional Perth engravers and signmakers can be found in the subcategories listed below.
266	Additional sleeping for two in the lounge.
267	Additional support has come from EADS, 328 Support Services, the RAF Historical Society, the RAF Museum American Foundation and the generosity of the public.
268	Additional support needs for disabled students.
269	Addition of: add to group, remove from group and move objects, to the list of management tasks that can be performed from reports, via the 'More Actions' option present in them.
270	Additions to the technical specs include Enhanced Active Park Assist, Front parking sensors and a 6-way adjustable front passenger seat for added comfort.
271	Add more carotenoids to your diet since they act as antioxidants.
272	Add remaining sauce ingredients, stirring to combine; set aside.
273	Addressing Coun Dobson, who took over as Tory leader in May 2015 after Coun Britcliffe relinquished the role he had held for nearly 23 years, he claimed: “Your backbencher is speaking for you and you’re soliciting advice from your backbencher.
274	Adds a driver for Microsoft Windows 3.n.
275	Add some excitement to your week with our Wednesday offer: Spend £12 online today and get 7 tickets for free!
276	Add the garlic and fry for another minute.
277	Add the link to your email signature, Facebook page or Twitter account – and don’t be afraid to keep reminding people!
278	Add the scooped-out squash flesh, put a lid on the pan and cook it until it is soft, which should take about 5 minutes.
279	• Add the sugar to the ‘breadcrumbs’ and stir through.
280	AddThis, which is owned by Clearspring Technologies, uses the user ID to make it possible for the user to share content across social networks and provide detailed statistics to various providers.
281	A decade ago you said Bristol’s badge of shame was its reputation as the car crime capital of Europe so we started with car crime and Operation Hornet.
282	A dedicated member of staff will visit clients at home to talk about their requirements.
283	Adelaide Street is located at Bankfoot, just before the turn circle.
284	A delicious, lighter vegetarian alternative to traditional Christmas pudding, prepared in just 20 minutes.
285	A delightful and extended four bedroom detached cottage with a detached double garage, situated in 0.37 acres.
286	A delightful, tastefully furnished, little semi-detached cottage close to Loch Ness.
287	A department may not require an employee to work during their adoption leave if they do not want to, nor does an employee have the right to work KIT days if their department does not agree to them.
288	A deregulated tenancy is one that commenced after January 1989.
289	A detailed examination of the cause of the fire was carried out at the Health and Safety Laboratory.
290	AD Goddards green cleaning products clean your business without damaging the environment.
291	AD-HAIR in Poole, Dorset uses only effective methods to extend your hair, which will not damage your hair.
292	A dietitian can devise a personalised eating plan for you to increase the amount of vitamin B12 or folate in your diet.
293	A different approach is to keep the infrastructure in-house and only outsource management and staffing to an external partner – totally or in part.
294	A digital copy of the final report.
295	A digital treasure trail has been launched in a bid to connect the trading estate’s workers with the town in a new way.
296	ADIPS is calling on users of the ADIPS Online system to help bolster the amount of identification information held for registered amusement devices.
297	Adjacent Bathroom fitted with a contemporary white and chrome suite including bath with mixer tap and shower fitting, wash hand basin and w.c with concealed cistern and fittings, chrome ladder radiator, partial tiling and low voltage spots.
298	Administrative history Under the Act of 1820 (1 George IV cap.
299	Admiral Employees enjoyed throwing wet sponges and perhaps even a bucket or two of water at their managers.
300	Admire exotic trees at Queenswood Arboretum and 'Capability' Brown's landscaped gardens at Berrington Hall.
301	Admission is priced at £2 and there are refreshments with a raffle at 9.15pm.
302	Admission not included -
303	Admittedly, if you are not accustomed to such a style of furniture, it may take you getting used to it.
304	'A DNACPR action, which is based upon information supporting the reasonable belief that something within categories 1 to 4 makes DNACPR the best available behaviour'
305	A domain name corresponds to a series of numbers that serve as routing addresses on the internet.
306	Adopt-a-Monument is a nation-wide Community Archaeology scheme that provides volunteer groups with the practical advice and training they need to care and conserve their local heritage.
307	Adopting an apprenticeYour results have been saved!
308	Adopting truly progressive policies capable of fostering international cooperation would require the UK to develop an understanding of other state’s threat perceptions.
309	Adoption is an exciting and challenging experience for everyone involved.
310	A dose determining committee will review all data available at the interim(s) and then provide decisions regarding the choice of dose to administer to subsequent participants.
311	A double glazed glazed entrance door leads into this very welcoming hall, with a double glazed side panel window, laminate flooring and a radiator.
312	A draft directive drawn up by the EU could curtail the range of investments available to pension fund managers, it has been claimed.
313	A draft of the subsequent “Reed Report” was leaked and included among its proposals the establishment of a so-called nuclear expeditionary force "primarily for use against China or Third World targets".
314	A drainage system designed to reduce surface water flooding impacts from new development through the use of natural systems e.g. by creating ponds and swales and using permeable materials for hard surfaces.
315	A draw cord at the waist can be pulled in to adapt the silhouette.
316	Adrian Gannon has provided us with a summary of his research, which can be downloaded from Related files.
317	A drive along the coast will unearth these spectacular views, in particular visitors should travel to the Capo Vaticano that overlooks crystal clear ocean and stunning beaches down below.
318	A driving school in Colwyn Bay you can trust.
319	A drop-off in the level of chemical being dispensed by a unit can cause problems for chemical manufacturers too.
320	ADSL hardware is not compatible with SDSL.
321	A DSP provides a platform for advertisers to ad impressions from a large variety of app publisher sites, which can target specific users through such things as previous browser behaviour and location.
322	Ads shouldn’t exaggerate the availability or extent of benefits that customers are likely to enjoy.
323	Adult Learners' Festival of Learning provides learning opportunities for the local community including the various methods of learning such as part time, full time and distance learning.
324	Adults and communities made savings of £5.4 million with the biggest underspend of £5 million being delivered by residential and nursing care.
325	Adults can also develop glue ear, but this is less common.
326	Adult shore crab, cleaning its eye with a claw.
327	Advanced booking is essential so please enquire directly for further details.
328	Advanced Craft is a painting and decorating company which carries out a range of DIY and home improvement services for businesses and houses.
329	Advanced patterns found in easy puzzles normally exist alongside simpler patterns that can be used to solve the puzzle.
330	Advanced production technology allowed to significantly minimise the sensor components, making Fibaro sensor the most advanced device of that type available on the market, and our company the leader in the manufacture of wireless smoke sensors.
331	Advanced Television says the Eye2TV enhances video frame-by-frame to make it easier to distinguish between red and green features.
332	Advancements in technology have been the biggest change over the past few years as my background is very much in print.
333	Advance notice of assignments to be submitted must be given by completing the online form.
334	Advance payment bond - a guarantee given when money is paid before goods or services are supplied.
335	Advance Performance chosen charity is Anna’s Hope, our Managing Director, Samantha Hale is a patron.
336	Adventure Graphics is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of all those who use our website and our services.
337	Adventurous Training is an essential part of the Air Cadet's training syllabus and the place where team effort really matters - you'll build new friendships, and learn to rely on the other people you're with to get the job done.
338	Advert As an ambassador for Technology Enabled Care, you will be the go to person for residents, their families/carers and internal colleagues alike to identify the technology that may be able to support or enhance people's lives.
339	Advice - advising members of the public on any dog related queries and dealing with complaints on issues such as dog fouling, dangerous dogs, straying dogs and irresponsible dog owners.
340	Advice and guidance if you are homeless, about to become homeless or are wanting to leave your home.
341	Advice and support being looked into for residents – more information at the next forum hopefully.
342	Advice for consumers is available from the service, including practical help on a wide range of problems with suppliers of goods and services.
343	Advised a major technology provider on the TUPE aspects of a major outsourcing contract for testing electronic equipment for a global engineering company in relation to employees based across the UK, Europe and the US.
344	Advise on and enforce the laws on the buying, selling, renting and hiring of goods and services.
345	Advisers were appointed for each association, council and residents group.
346	Advocates must have attended a CPS accredited training course AND demonstrated the right skills whilst being monitored.
347	A dwelling left empty by someone who is solely or mainly resident in hospital is exempt from the council tax.
348	A fact filled book of aspects of the Wessex Brigade and its component regiments.
349	A fact finding report was presented to the committee.
350	A factory later operated on the site but the workhouses buildings were demolished in 1982.
351	A family bathroom completes the accommodation and there is ample storage throughout.
352	A fantastic 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, 2nd floor apartment located with Royal Quay just a couple of minutes walk to Gallions Reach DLR station.
353	A fantastic story of a boy finding his dog, the beautiful art style along with fantastic voice acting, sound design and soundtrack makes a truely special film.
354	“A farm can offer a rural retreat for these children,’’ says Ms Morris.
355	A fascinating collection of images showcase a precarious decade for motorists, the 1930s.
356	A fast-food glutton would take much longer because there is just too much temptation along the way - two burger bars, a diner, a couple of pizza houses.
357	A fatal gunshot goes off.
358	AFCB - Lewis Cook on standby for England's World Cup squadCreated with Sketch.
359	A featured snippet displays the answer to a user’s question as well as letting them know what the page title is, which website it’s from, and provides a link to the full page.
360	A few headstones mention early deaths and burials and a number of books including the Biographical Index of South Australians 1836–1885 mention early deaths.
361	A few months ago, I Googled ‘integrative medicine clinic’ and extracted from the websites of the first five institutions that came up the treatments they offered.
362	A few months later Brotherhood leaders announced: “Our decision not to reject borrowing is based on Egypt’s supreme economic interest”, quoting Shari’a (the Islamic legal code) to the effect that “necessities allow the forbidden”.
363	A few more gloomy figures and sentiment could turn sour very quickly.
364	A few newspapers were provided, and books and magazines were often given by people who lived nearby.
365	A few passenger trains continued to use the line, but the ‘Beeching Report’ listed Rose Grove to Todmorden for closure.
366	A FEW weeks ago, this column was dedicated to Laura, Chloe and Megan Summers, 18-year-old identical triplets, who were preparing to play together in a cup final football team.
367	A few years ago our S1 pupils undertook a comprehensive survey of people in school and even in public life to find out what they considered to be the most important values.
368	Affordability of home ownership.
369	Affordability will be a driver for many, and taking a longer mortgage term of up to 40 years will reduce monthly payments.
370	“A final decision will only be made by the executive board following consideration of the objections raised during that period.”
371	A final implication should be obvious to anyone who is interested in the unintended consequences of assessment-driven accountability.
372	A fish stall now run by Curly and Sheila Fletcher has been selling a mix of seafood for 100 years.
373	A fixed-lock gun might be made simpler, slimmer in the hand, and perhaps at an even more competitive price.
374	A fluent Welsh speaker, Mr Hilditch-Roberts was elected to Denbighshire County Council in 2012 and is now the cabinet member with responsibility for Education, Young People and the Welsh Language.
375	A fluid mixture of his signature observations, with hawk eye dissection of more of the absurdities of life and how we live it.
376	Afluria is one of around 7 available flu vaccines.
377	A focus is placed upon problem solving and organisational and managerial skills, under the supervision of a professional conservator.
378	Afolake Adeniji, 50, is said to have arranged for Iyabo Prosper to fly to London from her home in Nigeria back in 2003, when she was just 13, but instead made her clean the house all day, a court heard.
379	A former pupil of Deepdale Junior School and Preston Grammar School, Jim worked for the Ministry of Defence in the communications department and worked for a period in the Falkland Island after the end of the 1982 war.
380	A formidable co-founder, and unwavering encouragement from my unbelievable family, friends and former colleagues.
381	AFP Partnership was set up in 1997 by a select group of fully qualified Independent Mortgage Advisers, who have experience in the financial market since 1979.
382	AFP photographer Fred Dufour took a closer look at the Tianjin Binhai library and discovered that the rows of book spines are just images printed on the backs of shelves.
383	A fragment of paper in Czech, listing places and dates is carried by the wind towards the man, whilst a feather slowly descends by the woman.
384	A framework is a tool and, as with any tool, if users don’t know how to use it, it will fall into disuse or fail to meet its full potential.
385	A FREE clinic providing commercial law advice launched this month, for small newly-established businesses and budding entrepreneurs.
386	A free curator-led tour to close the current special exhibition, from the Raspberry Pi to the astrolabe.
387	A free lunch will be provided at the event.
388	A fresh update on a timeless classic, this Italian-crafted brown leather belt is embossed with the label's logo lettering as well as seasonal slogans and motifs.
389	A frustrated Mr Thomson took to Facebook on Sunday lamenting the vessels, as well as arguing the need for fixed links.
390	After 11 years playing in the NBA, McMillen embarked on his political career, serving three consecutive terms as a Democratic Congressman for Maryland.
391	After 300 metres y ou are joined by the Guildford-Farnham route in reverse (book 2, walk 12) at the junction with Highfield Lane on your right (5).
392	‘After 500 years of history the members of the Incorporation must be tremendously proud of the position that the Incorporation has played in the life and development of the city of Exeter.
393	After a biochemistry degree at Oxford I initially worked for Arthur Andersen as a corporate finance executive for four years before moving to SG Hambros, and was then head-hunted by UBS Warburg.
394	After about half an hour we heard the Germans talking in front of us, and could see them walking about amongst the debris, silhouetted against the sky.
395	After a brief run down on the component parts of the EU 'acquis', he reminded us of the very many equality and anti-discrimination rights that are of EU origin, and of how, after 45 years, domestic and community law are inextricably interwoven.
396	After a few days of feeling ‘rotten’ she began ‘to see the funny side of hospital life as a patient’.
397	After a few further remarks from the Chairman, Mr. Waddington, and Mr. Mottley, the thanks of the meeting were unanimously accorded to the Deputy, and the proceedings terminated.
398	After a few months, Jenner injected him with some more smallpox 'material', but no disease followed.
399	After a hit-and-run incident, Sebastian Canaves decided it was time to see the world.
400	After a Leeds student took a photo of what he believed to be a big cat on Ilkley Moor, we delved into the history of sightings of the creatures in Yorkshire.
401	After all, appliances and products tend to stack up.
402	After all, it introduced the world to the H&M family of Monki, & Other Stories, Weekday and Cos. Copenhagen has the pulse of the Avante-Garde with designers like Astrid Anderson and Ganni making game-changing separates.
403	After all, most of us eat fish, and if not, we all know or love someone who eats fish.
404	“After all, we believe it’s called Scotch for a reason,” adds Christy.
405	After a long pause, Mrs Thomas said, ‘No answer.’
406	After an amazing response and a difficult selection process we are now delighted to be able to announce the three winners of the 2017 programme.
407	After a needs assessment from social services, you will be provided with a care plan, which should make clear whether you need residential care and what other options, if any, might be available and most appropriate.
408	After a night’s drinking followed by a champagne breakfast, Mike Gatting asked Freddie Flintoff whether he had had anything to eat.
409	After an unsuccessful morning I wasn’t holding out much hope then we visited J’dezire, a beautiful converted barn on the middle of a farm.
410	After a period of absence, the concept of clusters appears, once again, to be in the ascendency.
411	After approximately 2.5 miles turn right at lights onto the A6514 Nottingham ring road (Western Boulevard).
412	After a solid start to the season, and their Cup Final win over Worcester, the Phoenix have been in a sustained funk – they have lost four in a row, and won just three of the last 13.
413	After a successful fundraising campaign, the man’s body is now en route to Glasgow where he will be laid to rest alongside other late family members.
414	After a turbulent race with several incidents Oliver Jarvis in ninth place barely missed scoring a point.
415	After a weekend spent watching the weather and, no doubt, of keeping some fingers crossed, a large party of East Barry Girl Guides set out on a mystery evening which took them from King Square to Llancarfan.
416	After a whole bathroom refit this was installed to compliment the bathroom fittings.
417	After being cooped up in the colliery rows of Durham, these immigrants were able to live the American dream: big, detached, timberclad homes, with gardens all set in the Colorado sunshine.
418	After breakfast, depart your hotel in the early morning towards "Condor Cross", considered the best location to admire the Colca Canyon and the majestic condors in flight.
419	After completing her second programme next year, Olivia hopes to work at a large gallery such as the V&A museum.
420	After consensus on the value of the Planck constant is reached, a formal redefinition of the kilogram in terms of this value will be made.
421	After consultation with the PSNI, council workers left the site without the materials.
422	After criticism on Twitter and audible boos in the auditorium, he tweeted: "So just a word to the tragic figures who think calling Jenny Beavan a bag lady was an insult.
423	After determining which form of incontinence a patient is suffering from, a continence advisor will explain what this means and how it can be treated.
424	After dinner I happened to be going upstairs when I saw a large brig in the bay trying to beat out on the port tack.
425	AFTER enduring the grief of suddenly losing her husband to cancer…
426	After enjoying a round of golf on its fabulous 18-hole course, you can soothe your weary muscles in the purpose-built spa, before tucking into a well-earned dinner in one of the hotel’s two award-winning restaurants.
427	After experimenting in the kitchen I came up with this delicious Bolognese sauce.
428	After failing my test in the past and then going off to uni I decided to do an intensive course with Sue.
429	After falling in both the 2016 and 2017 Cheltenham Gold Cups, the Jean Bishop-owned 12 year-old was last sighted pulling up in the Ryanair Chase at the big meeting earlier this month.
430	AFTER FALLS in sales and profits, the Co-operative group are to cut 600 jobs at their head office.
431	After five years the highly anticipated Canon EOS 7D Mark II takes the strengths of its forerunner and builds upon them all.
432	After five years the only costs are the legal fees for renewing the contract.
433	After gaining its independence from Spain in the 16th century, the Dutch Republic experienced a period of unprecedented wealth.
434	After GC’s early days of trading by 1952 we do know from an advertisement in Leaguer, he was trading from his first shop at 59 Newall St, Manchester Road, Bradford which was adjacent to his old garage premises.
435	“After getting back into the game for the last 20 minutes it was all us.
436	After graduating in Geography, she defended a PhD in Sciences at the University of Leuven, and was visiting scientist at the University of Hannover (Germany), Dartmouth College (US), and the Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Science Department at MIT.
437	After growing up there, doing plays and the odd small commercial, I met my now wife Erin.
438	After having studied the right to education cases in my Comparative Human Rights class in Oxford last year, it was great to be able to witness litigation first-hand that has the potential to further develop the case-law in this area.
439	After his death numerous followers spread his teachings, and within a few decades Christianity emerged as a religion distinct from Judaism.
440	After his death she was married to John Wadham of Meryfield in the county of Somerset Esq., & by him had several children.
441	After initial fears that someone was trapped in one of the vehicles, the air ambulance, hazardous area response team (HART) and a road ambulance were sent to the scene.
442	After I posted about the MoneySupermarket competition last week, so many great savings tips came flooding in. It takes time and effort to compile a 10-strong list, so it was wonderful (if not altogether surprising) to discover that so …
443	After it did so it set off again.
444	After keeping the ball well they opened the scoring with a Harmer penalty.
445	After launching an investigative campaign in early December 2015 The Guardian’s student blog site received more than 200 stories from students struggling with mental health issues,.
446	After leading 4-0 with 20 minutes to go, they allowed the home side to steam-roller through an often frail, slow and hesitant defence to earn victory.
447	After leaving a donation I made my way back to NYMR station and watched the trains shunting in and out whilst enjoying chips and egg from their tea room.
448	After leaving the main entrance, turn right and go along the covered pathway to the Set Down/pick up stop.
449	"After meeting with EFL representatives and providing further written detail, a comprehensive review has concluded with confirmation that the EFL is satisfied there has been no breach of its regulations.
450	After meeting with SAHTA on Tuesday, Mike Loveday, St Albans council’s legal services chief, said: “We are aware that taxi drivers were double parking in the main taxi rank on St Peter’s Street on Saturday night and in the early hours of Sunday morning.
451	After more than two centuries, that lofty ambition is about to realised.
452	Afternoon tea is £22, with a glass of Nyetimber Classic Cuvee NV is £29.50 in total.
453	After one has lived in UK for five continuous years, it is possible for them to apply for Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR), also known as permanent residency.
454	After outlining the indications of dystocia in part one, Gerardo Poli describes the physical checks to carry out – and explains the importance of ultrasound – in determining patient status.
455	♦ After passing Hempton Hargate, you will come to a junction, where you need to turn off to Hempton Villa, which is the second (and new) housing estate along this road.
456	After passing through Italy, Switzerland and Belgium, he lived in Paris, but in 1939 he was imprisoned by the French in Colombes and Montargis.
457	"After Rachael left us I did not want to live in this world any more.
458	After reading through other people's reviews, I'm really surprised their rating is overall 3 stars, it should be much lower, and you should give a 0 option just for BT.
459	After receiving the ball in the wide left position he skipped past his man and planted an unstoppable shot into the far right corner to make it 3-2.
460	After selling his toy company – the first manufacturer of the Bubble Trumpet – he began performing.
461	After some classroom based learning and discussion we headed outside to put some of the theory into practice.
462	After Sophie’s death Sylvia found out that her daughter had hoped to become a journalist, or a youth worker.
463	After spending one rather alarming afternoon trying to go through a lock with me doing the winding and my husband, Brian trying to negotiate the boat, in the middle of a horrendous storm.
464	After studying at the Royal College of Music under Walter Parratt, Charles Stanford, and Charles Wood, (1887-1962) became Keble organ scholar in 1906.
465	After such a successful start to the year, The Saucy Fish Co. anticipate an imminent new listing internationally to grow the brand portfolio throughout the rest of 2016 globally.
466	After taking driving lessons in Hemel Hempstead Rhys Timms passed 1st time on the 10th June 2015.
467	After testing Manhattan Dan at longer distances, Contessa has vowed to stick to sprints and so will target the Commonwealth Cup at Royal Ascot on 17June with his confidence evident.
468	After that, Henry went into winemaking big time.
469	After the big night, Rhod will only have a few weeks to prepare for his five-day trek up the Peruvian Andes, along the Inca Trail to the famous lost city of Machu Picchu.
470	After the debacle of last year’s election, Theresa May felt obliged to abandon her controversial commitment to increase the number of grammar schools – just one of many sore points in the Manifesto That Not Many Fessed To.
471	… after the entire piece is checked over, once again, inch by inch.
472	After the fishing session there is an opportunity to do some pond dipping, to learn about the bugs and fish that live in our waters.
473	After the Great Exhibition, it was rebuilt in Sydenham in south London.
474	After the introduction of the railway in the mid 1800’s goods could be brought into the town, meaning it was no longer so reliant on agriculture to provide for itself.
475	After their 1-1 draw at Newtown, the Ancients still have work to do after wins for basement rivals Rhyl and Aberystwyth Town.
476	After the morning's physical efforts, all of the cyclists were treated to a delicious complimentary healthy cooked breakfast in the staff restaurant at the organisation’s Derbyshire HQ, where 300 staff are employed.
477	After the radiographer has positioned you for radiotherapy, they will leave you for a few minutes while you have your treatment.
478	After the report on the Joint Inspection of Services for Children and Young People in Dumfries and Galloway was published in 2014, an 18 month improvement plan was implemented.
479	After the Russian Revolution, the German Revolution, the Spanish Revolution and others it is palpably false to see socialist revolution as a wholly determined or guaranteed process.
480	After the session, ACT Studios will select the best images (approximately 30) to retouch and send back to you via a private gallery and your very own personal smart phone app.
481	After the trial ends, you can pay by credit card, or depending on the location of your business, you may also pay by direct debit.
482	After the vigil, which will last about an hour, friends and family will meet up for a meal which will include a “massive” specially-made birthday cake with photographs of Yassar.
483	After the visit on Tuesday, tutor Catherine Davies said: “The BTEC Journalism course’s aim is to give our students as much hands on experience and access to professional journalists as possible.
484	“After this a squad of soldiers from the Essex Regiment were drafted in and posted at the end of the field where the plane had crashed, to guard against souvenir hunters.
485	After this year’s exhibition in London, the 2017 award will be heading to Hull to join our celebrations as UK City of Culture 2017, with an exhibition in the Ferens Art Gallery.
486	After three months at art college, Saunders suggested Mackinnon might like to work with a friend of his in London.
487	After three superb rounds a split judges' decision went in favour of England and Jude Moore.
488	‘After visiting several open days Reading was the only place I could really see myself living and studying.
489	After what proved to be an incredibly difficult chain, we got there in the end!
490	After which we will send you a confirmation of the booking together with all the information you will require, including directions.
491	After writing a letter of application, Natasha was invited to attend an induction training day for a group of prospective volunteers where she found out more about what volunteering would entail.
492	After years of low rabbit numbers, they are back on his farm in Kent – and we are hearing reports of booming rabbit numbers in many locations across the UK.
493	After you have specified all necessary details concerning the design and after you have signed the contract, we from the furniture factory ’Eureka’ will send a competent representative.
494	After your course look out for an email containing a link to a short survey which won’t take up much of your time, but will be of real value to us.
495	A Full English and Continental buffet style breakfast is included as part of your package.
496	A full list of symptoms is available at NHS Choices.
497	A full weekend of events has been organised by Bexleyheath’s Business Improvement District in partnership with the RBL.
498	A fully-licensed boarding kennels and cattery, providing year-round accommodation for dogs, cats and rabbits and other small animals.
499	A Fun, affordable and motivational way of fixing your dogs problems.
500	A FUNDING programme aimed at boosting the rural economy across the North Warwickshire and Hinckley & Bosworth area, is now calling for a new round of grant applications.
501	A fundraising concert for Thomas Whillis’ year abroad in South Africa volunteering with the charity will be held in the church on Saturday 1st March at 7.30pm.
502	A funeral plan will cover most of the elements of your cremation, service, and burial.
503	A fun picture to colour in and share the excitement of the Olympic Games!
504	A further 13 days later still no refund as promised.
505	A further property is expected to be purchased in the South East of England in the coming months.
506	Again, I agree with the points he makes.
507	Again, I had an interesting first-hand experience of navigating this bridge in a very large boat in August 2004.
508	Again, it inevitably boosted the level of the top club sides beyond what international sides could assemble.
509	Again it was Larmour who was denied after a good turn and shot in the box.
510	Again, Manna House has offered calm amongst the storm.
511	Again outstanding service from the team.
512	Against the eastern slopes of Table Mountain, the 36 acre garden inhabits a variety of animals and birds – a great day for all the family.
513	Against the inner walls stand dozens of inscribed tombstones mostly dating from the seventeenth century and all seemingly carved with the skull and crossbones.
514	Against the Odds: How did they do?
515	Again, the emphasis should be on your skills, motivation and commitment to doing the job, and that you are in recovery.
516	Again, there are blue topped posts.
517	Again, there was much to like.
518	Again, the way to mitigate falling foul of non-compliancy in terms of employment law and immigration policy, is to seek advice from an expert, an accountant is versed in certain aspects of this as it impacts on financial and accounting compliance.
519	Again, this category is rated A-G where A is the best possible.
520	Again, you may not wish to see this.
521	Ageas UK’s Other Insurance activities, which principally comprise the Retail companies, delivered income in line with last year despite a tough and highly competitive environment.
522	Aged between 16 and 24, the new recruits are learning a range of trades, training as plumbers, joiners, electricians and multi-skilled apprentices.
523	Agency discount is 10% off the rate card.
524	Agenda papers highlight the increasing pressures on the £52.1 million social care budget.
525	A general audit should look at things such as your sitemap, how your internal links are structured, your anchor text, and social media profiles.
526	A generous conservatory with tiled flooring, double glazed windows and double doors leading onto the garden.
527	Age UK Kensington & Chelsea is a local independent charity with over 80 staff members.
528	Age UK loneliness heat map Age UK uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience.
529	Age UK Norfolk’s befriending service offers a vital lifeline to many older people, who would otherwise feel lonely and isolated.
530	A giant sinkhole could swallow my office overnight but I know I could be back up and running in a matter of hours.
531	A goal a piece means the league fixture away to Stowmarket tomorrow night (Tue) has to be rescheduled so that this replay can be held.
532	A good lock should have a short shackle so it is not easy to cut off.
533	A good option if you’re struggling to get an account with a bank, or you would prefer to bank with a not-for-profit-organisation.
534	A good relationship starts with trust.
535	A good way to choose a window supplier and installer is by looking for two essential criteria.
536	A good will gesture of magnificent proportions!”
537	A grade II listed barn is the location for this case study, with Framed Painted chosen to compliment this stunning building.
538	A graduate of the National Opera Studio in London and the Royal Irish Academy of Music in Dublin, she studied with Veronica Dunne.
539	A grasssroots youth football team formed only a few years ago in the shadows of Highbury’s evocative East Stand has achieved unprecedented success throughout its ranks this season.
540	A great day of racing was witnessed by the crowd at our festive meeting where the racegoers also had an extra Christmas bonus of a 7th race.
541	A great deal of care is taken to accurately present resort information and facilities as known to us at the time of going to press.
542	A great example of how the new approach can work was shown in the BBC Panorama broadcast last year about the bench-to-bedside research on the discovery and development of new drugs at the ICR and the Royal Marsden.
543	A great fun family event celebrating all things Cheese & Chilli!
544	A great location for exploring the local area.
545	A great opportunity to acquire a freehold garage positioned close to Ashford High street & Train station, Heathrow airport and the M3 & M25.
546	A great setting and so peaceful.
547	A great step forward but is this good enough?
548	A great way to get in a car that might seem out of your budget is to get a finance deal.
549	Agreeing to a referral will not incur any cost at all, and the majority of services are also free.
550	A green card is not required but your insurer should be advised of your trip.
551	A Greys Gift Voucher is the perfect pampering gift for any occasion.
552	Agricultural and industrial activity have had a profound effect on the vegetation of the area, resulting in a complex system of habitats dominated by open water and swamp but still retaining fragments of the original mossland.
553	Agricultural and rural development consultant providing business development advice for farmers and rural businesses, including business plans, grant applications, diversification advice.
554	A ground frame unlocked electrically by Coldham Lane Junction signal box allowed access.
555	A group of CAD machines, with digitising tablets and printers, is available, as is a range of state-of-the-art survey and geophysical equipment.
556	A group of children are pony trekking through Nidderdale.
557	A group of GAA stars led by Mr Harte launched the ‘GAA Athletes for a No Vote’ campaign in Dublin on Saturday.
558	A group of holy men had gathered together with musicians, and they soon attained the utmost level of delight in their hearts, souls, and intellects.
559	A guest presenter of Have I Got News For You, Alexander Armstrong, appeared recently attired thus.
560	A Guide to Household Insurance in the USA"The price sharing community"
561	A gun battery had been sited there during the war.
562	A gunnable jointing filler for use around skirting boards and door frames, the product is highly flexible which removes the risk of cracking or de-bonding from the backgrounds.
563	A half-day course with Simon Fowler, cost £20.
564	A handle-less door and cable management in the unit's back panel maintain a streamlined appearance, while its cupboard and shelves provide generous storage for equipment and accessories.
565	A HAZOP is a systematic review of the process to identify credible deviations from the design intent and to identify the potential consequences and mitigations associated with such an event.
566	A health chief is urging people to get the flu vaccine and look after themselves as rates of the illness are on the rise.
567	A healthy indoor temperature for a living room is 21°C for other rooms 18 °C other areas and 22°C for bathrooms.
568	A high level of Mentions is a good indicator that you are generating interest in your feed.
569	A highlight of the disability sporting calendar, and one that attracts lots of attention due to its famous ambassador Prince Harry, the Invictus Games is a competition for injured soldiers and veterans.
570	A highlight of this involvement was many years' membership of the Insurance Committee which gave him both financial and commercial business experience.
571	A high stone wall extended along the front of the barracks on the main street separating the military from the cottages and houses of the village that lay on the opposite side.
572	A historical mystery has gone on display at the Museum of London as the greatest collection of Elizabethan and and Stuart period jewellery has been laid out for the first time in a hundred years.
573	A holistic approach to prisons reform is therefore essential.
574	A home on Marine Drive was broken into between 9pm June 19 and 7am June 20, causing damage to the door, nothing is thought to have been stolen in this incident.
575	A horse of either sex from the time it's born until 1st of January the following year.
576	A hot summer morning with a hard blue sky, the mid-Somerset hayfields already cut and dried, the hedges murmurous with bees and hover-flies.
577	A HOUSEBUILDER'S West Midlands team has raised more than a quarter of a million pounds for the Royal Voluntary Service (RVS), as part of the celebrations for its 40th anniversary.
578	A house cleaner in Shipley can be arranged for any length of cleaning job and we can also provide cleaners for 'one off' cleaning requirements.
579	A huge congratulations to Mason his original material was impressive and really struck a chord with the crowd.
580	A huge development consisting of hundreds of homes and a new primary school near Doncaster has caused mass objections.
581	A huge range of cars is on offer.
582	A huge range of Tents, Camping Equipment, Cararvan Accessories, Golf Clubs, Sporting Goods and Outdoor Play.
583	A huge thank you obviously goes out to the dedicated marshals and officials who have endured a wide variety of weather conditions this year and who without there would be no racing.
584	A hundred years on, and it’s as if history’s timeline twitches in remembrance.
585	Ah Van was hauled back for forward pass and then Ed Chamberlain was held up over the line when it looked like the Irish centre had grounded.
586	A hysterectomy will usually only be recommended if other treatments, such as medicines or other surgery, are unsuitable or haven't worked for you.
587	Aimed at giving you dedicated information on finance, our products and how we help our customers.
588	Aiming to keep meals simple by including lots of fruit and vegetables.
589	Airbnb has dropped its bid to take over a clutch of UK holiday operators including Hoseasons.
590	Air Business, a leading global distribution, fulfilment and integrated subscriptions management bureau, and UKIP Media and Events have entered into a five year contract worth over £10m.
591	• air-conditioning • ceiling fan • sitting area • telephone • iPod docking station • Wi-Fi • minibar • espresso machine with tea and coffee capsules • open-air bathroom.
592	Air-conditioning is available from June to September.
593	Airedale Hospital’s Emergency Department (ED) provides a 24/7 service for the assessment and treatment of patients of all ages with acute illness or injury.
594	Airlines have a right to refuse you if you’re unwell.
595	Air pollution - Fenland District CouncilThis site uses cookies to help us provide you with the best user experience.
596	A is also at Sumburgh.
597	A It sounds as if your rose might be a variety called ‘Ena Harkness’, which has big red blooms on drooping stems.
598	AJ Bell Marketing Director Billy Mackay said, “It’s essential that investors set themselves realistic targets and understand clearly how much needs to be put away to achieve those targets.
599	A joint project between the Brecon Beacons National Park, Dyfed Archaeological Trust, the National Museum of Wales and the Black Mountain Centre, the project has brought the quarries back to life through a series of projects and investigations.
600	Aken Roofing Contractors - We are specialists at our work!
601	A key component of the Optimize programme is our proprietary technology platform which brings transparency and efficiency to the process and facilitates a structured discussion and clear decision making for business leaders and the management team.
602	A key part of a good day out on the Vale of Rheidol Railway.
603	A key problem is how to stop farmers from doing what they have done for thousands of years--using seed from one year's harvest for the next year's planting, and also sharing, exchanging or selling such seed to fellow farmers.
604	A key site in the district’s rebirth is the 1.9-acre East Ham Market Hall, an old-school and slightly shabby covered market in Myrtle Road.
605	A kilo is 8% cheaper this year than last https://t.
606	A kitchen that hides away big appliances like fridges and dishwashers is also desirable.
607	A landmark court case finds that Northern Ireland’s criminalisation of same-sex acts violates the European Convention on Human Rights.
608	Alan F Marks is a forestry company providing a range of forestry services.
609	Alan Johansen, Regional Director – North East and Scotland, said, “We are extremely proud to have been selected as preferred contractor on such a prestigious project for Scotland and we are looking forward to working with the entire project team.”
610	Alan Pardewâ€™s side also have an obliging early schedule that could draw some attention.
611	A large cabin, smooth, quiet engine range and engaging drive help justify the higher price of the Volkswagen Golf, which is one of our favourite family hatchbacks.
612	A large downstairs WC and a sixth bedroom/additional reception room, currently being used as a study.
613	A large part of our service is about working with you, offering support and guidance to better understand your child’s mental health difficulties and ways in which you can help.
614	A larger local choice of properties for sale in Dunmow - Homes24.
615	A large section of the woodland walk is also level and accessible with care, but would advise that you contact a member of staff before commencing the route.
616	A large three bedroom house with a large mezzanine overlooking the lounge.
617	Alas, stepping into a Gloucester Chinese food restaurant can be a bit daunting.
618	Alastair has improved tremendously in both English and Maths.
619	A lavishly illustrated medieval book which once belonged to King Henry VIII was not created for the royal elite but was actually a tool for teaching, new digitally enhanced photography has confirmed.
620	Alcester South – Extra patrols targeting Rural / Agricultural crime.
621	Alcoholic drinks contain histamine and sulphites, and worryingly for fans of a pint, these are typically found in darker, fermented drinks like red wine and beer.
622	Aldo Zilli, the celebrity chef, also attended this event in his role as Ambassador to HEART UK.
623	A leading figure in the PropTech sector is urging letting agents.
624	A leading pacifist figure in the ILP, Fenner Brockway, did however throw his hat into the ring and raised the banner “Shorten the War by Socialism”, urging nationalisation, an end to profiteering, a minimum wage and colonial liberation.
625	A leaseholder with a 99 year lease of an empty, old office may be tempted to convert it to residential.
626	A legal expert with law firm Birkett Long is urging businesses in the heart of Essex, which.
627	A legal notice can be served requiring that the smoke nuisance is abated and failure to comply with the requirements of the notice can result in prosecution.
628	Alerts about new content on our website.
629	Alex, Abby’s manager at K10, had this to say: “When I first interviewed Abby I knew she was going to be a great apprentice.
630	Alexandra Mills is home to the Skopos Motor Museum, whilst Red Brick Mill and Cheapside Mill house a range of shops offering a vast range of fabrics, clothing and designer furnishings.
631	Alexandre Amorim, observing on September 20.31 with a 0.14-m reflector x80 estimated the comet at 12.3 with a 0.5' coma.
632	Alex has been working in the property world since training to be a surveyor in London in 2002.
633	Alex is currently working towards becoming a Chartered Management Accountant.
634	Alex Jackson, Curator and Collections Officer at the National Football Museum said: “We are very grateful for the chance to display the Sandy Turnbull trophy.
635	Alex said: ‘It was quite good to watch Afridi to be fair.
636	Alex will also work to build relationships with local employers and training providers, expanding the portfolio of opportunities available to the veterans using the service.
637	Alex will be heading to LA in May 2017 to meet with and explore how a critical time intervention approach can inform support interventions on high risk transitions such as prison discharge.
638	ALFIE Moon has seemingly been confirmed as the dad of Hayley Slater's baby on EastEnders.
639	Alfred Harrison wrote to the Pastor.
640	Alibaba may also lack the closely knit business network and institutional support that would be critical for the company to create an online ecosystem outside of China.
641	Alice in Wonderland is a household tale and we’re extremely excited that we’re able to put on this show.
642	Alice Jones, who is in Year 10 at Beaumont School, had the chance to audition for The Young Americans College of the Performing Arts when her performing arts school visited LA for the Dance Excellence festival.
643	A light zesty cake, the perfect blend between sweet and sharp.
644	Alimony paid on court orders issued prior to 1 January 2018 will still be deductible (and receipt of alimony will still be taxable).
645	A: Lincolnshire County Top Walk - 24 miles - Transport to leave FPH at 07.45.
646	Alison joined UCLan in 2003 after a 10 year career within the TV Advertising/Local TV department at Virgin Media.
647	Alistair Wilson and Katie Hunter (University of Strathclyde) will outline the successes and challenges of intergenerational mentoring in increasing educational attainment.
648	A listed building is a building or structure "of special architectural or historic interest" and has a special status in planning law.
649	A list of Club Preferred Dealers in Wales including Salop Leisure and Continental Leisure Vehicles.
650	A little further afield is the small market town of Epworth.
651	A little sister for Emma.
652	A Living Wage Premium will be introduced on top of the National Minimum Wage.
653	All4 appears to be unable to answer questions online or interact adequately with their subscribers.
654	All abilities welcome.
655	All about us We don’t hold people back, do well and you will progress.
656	All ages welcome for a morning of tennis coaching, matches, cardio tennis drills, the chance to test the speed of your serve against a radar-measuring device and free refreshments.
657	All applicants find out whether or not their application has been successful.
658	All applications must be completed and submitted electronically using the application forms provided.
659	All are buyers and the minimum spend is £79.
660	All auditions will be held on 12 June and 17 June in Thameside Two on the 3rd floor at the Thameside Complex in Grays.
661	All awards are made subject to the availability of resources.
662	All backups are encrypted and stored in a physically separate data centre.
663	All bikes that are bought from Mikes Bikes are fully built and come with a free first service.
664	All businesses are responsible for ensuring that they manage their waste responsibly to comply with the law.
665	All care homes must be registered with the Care Quality Commission and are regularly inspected to ensure they provide a good standard of care.
666	All check in arrangements must be made with the Dreamhouse office prior to arrival we do not have a reception on site.
667	All children who are eligible are entitled for a free part-time place can be taken at a council-run nursery class or in a Partner Provider Centre.
668	All Citizens Advice Bureau are independent charities governed by their own board of trustees, who are ultimately responsible for the quality and range of services.
669	All clubs applying for funding should have their own bank account- no payments will be made directly to those applying for funding.
670	All clubs are required to have a separate changing room for match officials on, or adjacent to, the ground with shower or warm washing facilities.
671	All comments and observation made by ESAG are always advisory.
672	All companies have a responsibility to ensure, as far as is reasonably practical, that the health, safety and welfare of employees is looked after in the workplace.
673	All costs to be advised before commencement of works and any variation affecting specification or cost will be advised prior to completion where possible.
674	All Crossrail related property (conveyancing) searches are carried out by Transport for London (TfL).
675	All customers using our services are guaranteed a quote that’s lower than any published renewal notices received from their existing supplier.
676	All delivery timescales are subject to product and delivery slot availability.
677	All departments are involved, including HR and legal, and organisational security is supported (or maybe even led) by the CEO.
678	All donors are required to provide this information as well as their names, addresses at the time of birth and at the time of the donation.
679	All electrical work in dwellings is covered under Building Regulations.
680	All employees have the right to request flexible working arrangements, as long as they have been with their employer for at least 26 weeks.
681	All employees or agents acting as street traders require an individual Street Traders Licence if trading in a public place.
682	All employers have a duty to prevent illegal working in the UK by carrying out prescribed document checks on all prospective employees.
683	All European Community member States are required to identify internationally important areas for breeding, over-wintering and migrating birds and designate them as Special Protection Areas (SPAs).
684	All evidence was available on the Islington Evidence Hub.
685	All exchange requests must be made by calling the Ticket Sales and Information Office on +44 (0)303 123 7300 and will incur a £2 exchange fee per transaction.
686	All exercises can be modified to suit individual abilities.
687	All exhibits must be delivered to the Show by…………on……….
688	Alleyn, a contemporary of Shakespeare, was a famous Elizabethan actor and successful theatre owner.
689	All figures, unless otherwise stated, are from YouGov Plc.
690	All foams fillings and composites have been tested to ensure compliance with the relevant ignitability test.
691	All for a whisker over £150 a month.
692	All Gas Safe engineers in Patchway are fully qualified, highly skilled and insured to carry out a wide range of boiler installations, boiler servicing, gas safety checks and many other gas related works in the Patchway area.
693	All groups are delivered by Lawn Tennis Associate (LTA) qualified coaches who have undergone formal assessment by the National Governing Body.
694	All have now won prizes in recognition of their head-turning KODO – Soul of Motion exterior designs, including Red Dot awards for five of them.
695	All HomePro personnel are required to keep personal information confidential and only authorised persons have access to such information.
696	All images and woven samples submitted with applications will be preserved in the National Records of Scotland and made available for inspection by members of the public (Scottish Register of Tartans Act 2008 Section 4).
697	All in all, Henfrey and Cullen have bravely endeavoured to take on what is possibly the greatest American musical.
698	All in all, I would call this a roaring success.
699	All in all, the system tried to make the creation of Agenda's, reports and minutes as easily and securely as possible.
700	All included in your membership, you can treat yourself whenever you like with a detoxifying steam or sauna session.
701	All institutions who submit a response will be included in a draw and six lucky winners will be offered a complimentary place at the UKCISA annual conference at the University of Edinburgh in June 2018.
702	All Intensive Courses can be completed to suit your availability and by agreement.
703	All is not lost though – the best ways to retain it are to memorise it using, for example, mnemonic techniques and best of all, is to use spaced practice, i.e. practise what you have learned repeatedly over time.
704	All it takes is one mishap during a waxing procedure for it to all go bottoms up.
705	All I would suggest is two things.
706	All lambs today levelled at 172.5p/kg, selling on par with national trends.
707	"All legal channels have been exhausted, now we must find other means to defeat our enemies."
708	All Live Group personnel and any third parties which The Live Group engages to process your personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data and comply with all the relevant data protection and privacy laws.
709	All lives matter.
710	All loans under £25,000 will now be offered at 3% interest but there will be no setup fees.
711	All major markets were up on the week.
712	All MazArt courses and workshops are relaxed and friendly, with step-by-step instructions suitable for all skill levels.
713	All meals are all served in the magnificent Hall, which was built in 1277.
714	All members of a Committee are obliged to honour and work within the decisions taken by that Committee providing the overall circumstances affecting that decision have not changed.
715	All members within the registered member MBACP category will have their details published on the online BACP Register and have the use of a personalised logo and designatory letters.
716	All models boast adaptive suspension which is apparent as the car almost glides across the Tarmac and the highly-efficient insulation means the cabin is protected from any road surface, engine or wind noise.
717	All my mates hang there (Cos they live there.).
718	All New Frontiers expeditions have development cost cap of about $850 million (~£635,570,500).
719	All-new Vauxhall GTC coupe cars for sale at Pentagon are a startling combination of concept-car looks, dynamic performance and day-to-day practicality.
720	All obligations concerning repairs are laid out in your lease and you should always check this before contacting us about a repair.
721	All of our current Adult Social Care leaflets available to download.
722	All of our guides start with one fundamental advice that works for every single type of sports betting out there, ice hockey included.
723	“All of our primary schools are now rated good or better.
724	All of our seeds are processed by volunteers.
725	All of our services can be booked on a regular, ad-hoc and last-minute basis.
726	All of our sofa bed frames are guaranteed for 10 years.
727	All of our Storm windows feature an outerframe that is manufactured using traditional joinery techniques.
728	All of our variants of trailers and vehicles can come equipped with tail lifts - except the double deckers.
729	All of our volunteers have been amazing in Kent and as the Save a Baby’s Life Co-ordinator I cannot thank them enough for their support of this programme and the dedication to this event.
730	All of our walking routes on start and end with public transport links, so make the most of Car Free Day and get out and explore the South Downs.
731	All of the above will be kept for 8 years after date of death or end of a service.
732	All of the artistes mentioned so far have indeed vanished from the consciousness of the general country music audience.
733	All of the attractions of the National Park are easily reached.
734	All of the business community are saying that they want “a” or “the” customs union, yet the Government are in thrall to the Brexit nutters on their Back Benches, who still hold sway over them.
735	All of the garments we sell are made using high quality materials under strict quality control conditions.
736	All of the glass, as well as the fixtures and fittings, are made in the UK and Esther is keen that as much as possible should be made locally.
737	All of the hotels are situated in wonderful places with acres of stunning gardens ready to be explored.
738	All of them are distributed in subtropical and mediterranean regions of the northern and southern hemisphere but not (or very rarely) in the Tropics.
739	All of them are selected after running an extensive research function to offer you some interesting tricks for creating discursive composition.
740	All of the money he raises will be donated to Leaders’ Charity of the Year, which supports all 53 children’s hospices in the UK, including Chestnut Tree House in West Sussex.
741	All of the properties will benefit from easy-turn lever taps in both the kitchen and bathroom and illuminated light switches for added convenience.
742	All of the reviews showed significant reductions in reoffending for participants who were given CBT.
743	All of these centres offer a more comprehensive range of amenities and all within commuting distance.
744	All of these helps obtain the best achievable price for owners, and for a fantastic LOW fee.
745	All of these significantly reduce the risk of prevalent but unskilled cyber-attack and provide reassurance to our customers, staff, investors and insurers.
746	All of the students recognised on the evening have either won awards in their disciplines, progressed on to university courses, the next level at College or within their careers.
747	All of the usual features of a Mildenhall branch station can be seen.
748	All of this data is then made freely available for all to use.
749	All of this had to be my first and continuing priority.
750	All of this research will feed into the development of a model of fatigue and potential self-management therapies to help reduce the impact of fatigue on children and adolescents with MS.
751	All of this year’s national finalists have delivered projects across NI that tackle real financial issues in their local communities.
752	All of us knew the general area out back on the ship where one of us would grab a table.
753	"All of us will have been touched by cancer at some time in our lives either through having the disease or knowing someone who has.
754	All online purchases of TAG Heuer watches will be automatically entered into the prize draw.
755	All on site accommodation is for term time only; students will not be able to stay in their room during holiday periods, dates of which will be provided upon allocation of a room.
756	All other enterprises have successfully adopted this technology and it is good to see the sheep sector become fully engaged in actively seeking to improve the selection process.’
757	All other room storage remains the same.
758	All other Translink ticket types, smartcards, mLink products (including Metro tickets and Smartcards) are not valid for transfer and acceptance.
759	All our classes promote a fun, exciting experience to ensure you have a great time while learning to dance, specialising in Ballroom, Latin, Latino Rhythms, Zumba and Street.
760	All our decisions are guided by the insight we receive in stillness.
761	All our designs are unique so you can be sure that your message will stand out and be perfectly suited to the target market.
762	All our Engineers have embroidered work clothes and also carry I.D. Cards so you know who we are.
763	All our food is made fresh to order and is sourced locally to find the best produce that we can serve.
764	All our lessons are taken on by polite and competent teachers.
765	All our locations are carefully chosen, to ensure guests have the ideal access to exactly what they need.
766	All our vans and drivers are covered by Hire and Reward, Goods In Transit and Public Liability insurance.
767	Allow a whole day as there is so much to see and do.
768	Allowing homeowners to buy with confidence and have added peace of mind is just as important to us as the ability to deliver premium products.
769	Allowing the donee to occupy the property and enhance it e.g. by the donee building a house on it.
770	Allow non-UK domiciled individuals who have a UK domiciled spouse or civil partner to elect to be treated as domiciled for UK IHT purposes.
771	Allows Olympus OM Zuiko Lens to be used on Fujifilm FX Mount Camera body.
772	All parents and members of the school community are encouraged to get involved, even if they only have a small amount of time available.
773	All parents/guardians will need to sign a data protection form giving permission for Guide Dogs to store the young person’s information electronically.
774	All parkruns and junior parkruns are free, timed and 5km distances.
775	All participants will have access to a careers professional and a business advisor, for personalised guidance and support during the programme.
776	All payments will be taken in sterling and will be inclusive of Vat at the rate of 20%.
777	All permanent objects covering 8 sq m, as well as most detached features covering 1 sq m are usually mapped.
778	All pets have been located and reunited with their owners.
779	ALL PICKS in ALL SPORTS Thru The 2017 Superbowl at a vip betting tips apk indir Huge Discount!
780	All posts are occupied.
781	All practitioners working with victims of forced marriage and honour-based violence need to be aware of the “one chance” rule.
782	All products are fully labelled, dual branded and shrink wrapped.
783	All profits from the event will go to the RWT and help fund future projects.
784	All profits from the sale of this eBook will go to Lumos, a charity founded by J.K. Rowling to end the institutionalisation of children worldwide.
785	All properties will have a garage and will include many extras as standard, as is usual for the quality, high specification properties we build.
786	All properties will have had the electric and gas supplies checked for safety.
787	All purchases / bookings should be for personal and not business use.
788	All queries relating to style and conventions should be addressed to the Editors.
789	All quotations are free and there is no obligation to use us.
790	All records of marriages which took place in England and Wales will be held at the General Register Office (GRO).
791	All renters must present a valid Japanese drivers license or a valid international driving permit under the Geneva Motoring Convention, dated September 19, 1949 is required.
792	All residential units have kitchens available for offenders to prepare their own meals.
793	All responses will be given due consideration, before final decisions are made about which proposals should go ahead, and whether any should be changed or withdrawn completely.
794	All right then, if it has been reformed, let me see!
795	All risks will be discussed with you with your treating consultant prior to the procedure.
796	All rooms are, of course, en-suite and parking is free.
797	All rooms contain tea and coffee making facilities, free WiFi, Freeview TVs, hairdryer and adjustable control for central heating.
798	All services are available to members of the public as well as for commercial purposes.
799	All shortages and damages must be reported within 48 hours of delivery.
800	ALL SMILES: This week's Star Pet is eight-month-old shih tzu Maggie.
801	All spare parts purchased through Fastpart-spares.
802	All staff members have been conscientious and dedicated throughout.
803	All successful marketing starts with quality data.
804	All surrounds will accommodate a standard 37"x37" back panel.
805	All teachers are I.D.T.A qualified, CRB checked and fully insured.
806	All teachers / group leaders are encouraged to take part at no extra cost.
807	All that changed in the nineteenth century, when the development of industry followed by financial services moved Britain to the centre of the World stage.
808	All that we ask is that you pay for the and we will fully refund them when brought back within 28 days.
809	All the 2015 GCSE results from Ilkley and Wharfedale district schools as they come in.
810	All the accommodation sleep 4, plus sky, dvd, separate stereo system and a fully equip kitchen with seperate fridge and freezer.
811	All the animals available for rehoming are regularly updated right here on our website.
812	All the cars are fitted with a full suite of security measures, including a Thatcham category 1 rated alarm and immobiliser.
813	All the case studies sit within our business sections which are listed below, click on a section to read the case studies that are relevant to that area.
814	“All the children can’t wait to take care of them and see them grow.”
815	All the data is owned and provided by the listed services and we have no control over accuracy, completeness or appropriateness of this content.
816	All the enticing pictures you have seen of St. Mark’s Square and Basilica, the Doge’s Palace and the Grand Canal have merely been telling the extraordinary truth: Venice is a stunning city.
817	All the great dignitaries are at the Tuileries.
818	All the hillside residences on this stretch of road overlook a part of the wooded valley that once contained the Garrison Bleach Works.
819	All the individuals using the facility received advice and support from the district council in an effort to prevent them from returning to the streets.
820	All the key topics of starting and running a business are covered at A Level.
821	All the land on which this walk takes place was owned for almost 900 years by the Dering family: they only sold it in 1928.
822	All the Research Record are held securely on a BHS web server.
823	All these factors leave little doubt that ‘Ahmad Keling’ is indeed Ahmad Rijaluddin.
824	All these roles can be found in a range of organisations, including national government, local government, higher education, the NHS, the armed forces, and the third sector.
825	All the staff and students were very friendly and made me feel very welcome.
826	All the staff at St Mary’s: theirs is so much more than just a job of work, they have capabilities of mending lives.
827	All the staff have fallen in love with them due to their loving nature.
828	All the staff keep each other updated on each client rather than the usual excuses of sorry x is dealing with that your property.
829	All the steps after that are animals.
830	All this fits perfectly in a single compact volume that’s comfortable and easy to carry everywhere.
831	All this has come over a period where budgets have been tight but new investment, huge investment, has been essential to equip policing for a changing society and ever more complex criminal landscape.
832	All this has had serious negative effects on the economy, which has likely fallen into recession again.
833	All those involved have a responsibility for updating information and ensuring that, as far as possible, there is a full intelligence picture and that this is conveyed as, appropriate.
834	All those little deviations in vowels and consonants that I was so determined to overlook in my effort to understand the meaning suddenly became the focus of my work!
835	All three models are offered with an 89bhp dCi90 diesel engine with a five-speed manual gearbox or six-speed EDC automatic gearbox.
836	All three sell Arriva bus tickets, and PayPoint outlets can also top-up your m-ticket account.
837	All to get the best mobility solutions for your business, so you can take your business where you want.
838	All too soon, he really is back gambling, and losing, and on an ever more progressive downward slide.
839	All training courses take place at Church House Guildford, 20 Alan Turing Road, Surrey Research Park, Guildford, GU2 7YF, unless otherwise stated.
840	All trusts with a UK tax consequence are required to register, this includes trusts which have previously registered with HMRC using the old 41G(Trusts) form.
841	All tyres have been optimised for rolling resistance, which reduces CO2 emissions by an average of 2.8 grams per km.
842	All usual dealer facilities available including finance from only 4% flat rate, poor credit no problem.
843	All views expressed here are Luke’s own and not necessarily also shared by Which? or SureCloud.
844	All visitors who come along to the Spring Open Day will be given a free goody bag containing some exclusive vouchers to visit the Isle of Wight during 2015.
845	All walks start at 10.30am and finish with coffee and biscuits at Ridleys Court.
846	All warranties, even if you purchase a non-compliant product after January 2018 will be honoured as advertised.
847	All water-using appliances are required by Part H of the Building Regulations to have some form of seal which prevents foul air from sewers entering buildings via plumbing, thus avoiding smells.
848	All we ask is to make a short recording of you telling us what the event is, where and when it takes place, and how to find out more.
849	All Welsh Interpretation and Translation services costs will need to come from Departmental budgets.
850	All went home very pleased, clutching some great prizes.
851	All were classical Spanish tapas dishes, (except for the Italian bread, of course), and were decent without being outstanding.
852	All will be handled daily.
853	All will benefit immensely from the exchange of ideas with lecturers and with other GSP students.
854	All will help drive sales this year.
855	All workers with a right to work in the UK have employment rights.
856	All work is considered, so please contact us to see if we can help.
857	All year round, but often at the end of a long summer in the UK.
858	Ally Nixon passed up a chance when he failed to properly connect with a ball from the right after good combination play from Jordan Fraser and John MacRae.
859	All you have to do to get free standard delivery is spend £30.
860	All you need is.
861	All you need to construct a working scale model of a 15th century design for the Duke of Milan.
862	All you need to do is follow these simple, common-sense tips to get the most out of The Times Dating.
863	All you need to do is go to our and follow the instructions.
864	All you pay is a low, per-booking fee for online bookings received.
865	Almost 1,100 responses were received from individuals, businesses and stakeholders.
866	Almost 600 children visited in this time.
867	Almost all can be brought up to a reasonable level, but we have to accept that they will never match a modern, airtight, highly insulated building.
868	Almost all practitioners (91%) said they would tell service users how to access an advice agency for practical help.
869	Almost every business uses Facebook as a marketing platform, and many have discovered that this social network is about more than just managing the business’ image and strengthening a brand name.
870	Almost everyone now appreciates the difference between a ‘nice garden` and a really beautiful one.
871	Almost half of modified emojis used a light skin tone, because most users are white, the study found.
872	Almost half of the officers interviewed said that they would benefit from more mental health training and that further training should be offered.
873	Almost one in three (27%) will hit the sales to keep costs down and 21% will use discount websites.
874	Almost six hundred million pounds is the sum of money needed to set-up metaldehyde (slug pellet) treatment for drinking water in the East of England, according to Anglian Water.
875	Al Mubarak said the club will strengthen the squad with Pep Guardiola already identifying one or two targets that will add quality to his squad.
876	A local community group organises guided walks around the area and coordinates park improvements.
877	A local disabled people's organisation is also being helped to set up a committee to investigate violations of disabled persons' rights.
878	A local village hall could be the recipient of funds to reduce its energy costs in a new green initiative aimed at community buildings in Monmouthshire and rural areas of Newport.
879	A: Location Services allows location-based apps to use information from cellular, Wi-Fi¹, and Global Positioning System (GPS)² networks to determine your approximate location.
880	A lonely boy struggles to cope with school bullies and caring for his mother, until a mysterious encounter reveals life in the Foundling Hospital in the.
881	A long established favourite amongst Britis holiday makers, Drive-Alive offers an easy way to search and book Eurocamp direct.
882	Alongside chief Sitting Bull, he helped engineer historic defeat at – the Sioux’s greatest victory in the American Indian Wars.
883	Alongside his work as a corporate comedian and after dinner entertainer Adrian Walsh has also worked as a theatrical performer appearing in theatre and cabaret shows in a number of high profile theatres in the UK.
884	Alongside that the work is meaningful, rewarding and makes a difference, what more could you want?
885	Alongside the Fiat option from March 1982 was the option of the 1,597-cc Ford CVH engine, which was fitted to the XR3, with a four-speed until 1984 when the Sierra's five-speed gearbox was fitted.
886	Alongside their passion for inspiring developers and creators to continue to innovate and make effective use of resources, they have a world-leading sustainability assessment method for master planning projects, infrastructure and buildings.
887	Alongside this code, advisers must also complete a course of continued professional development or CPD hours which means they must attend events and consume regular industry information to keep them knowledgeable about the latest products and solutions.
888	Alongside this, the group have been developing their event management and promotional skills by having the opportunity to within a busy professional venue and alongside the Guild Hall’s marketing and tech teams.
889	Alongside two other parents, Jen and Brendan Traquair, Carol will be walking in Aberdeen and raising money for Autistic children in Scotland.
890	Along the northern side of the house is the formal cloakroom, study and boot room/plant room housing the gas fired boiler, fuse boards, Cat 5 IT cabling, Puma Central vac system and Sonos music system.
891	Along the road leading to Cabanaconde – the small village where the canyon adventure really begins – I encountered several communities worth stopping off at.
892	Along these lines, recognize what’s bringing on anxiety.
893	Along with a basic salary you may also be entitled to waking night enhancement of £29 per night, and £11.50 for a 7.6 hour bank holiday shift.
894	Along with all of our Lingfield Park racecourse jobs, you can find the full vacancy list of arc racing jobs on the ARC website.
895	Along with Freddie, Alan and Bryan toured throughout Europe, Australia, America and The Middle East, sharing the stage with Gerry and The Pacemakers and The Searchers.
896	Along with ply lining kits, we offer a full inventory of products to full kit out your van for the commercial world.
897	Along with the potential new products, Able Canopies has also seen positive changes throughout other areas of their business.
898	Along with the trophy, we had former International All Blacks player, Jonah Lomu, making a guest appearance on the special day.
899	A lot of jobs promise you the opportunity to make a difference.
900	“A lot of my inspiration comes from advertising and music video because I love micro short filmmaking where a story has to be executed in a very short period of time.
901	A lot of pages are just circulating Wikipedia texts, including its rights and wrongs, but without its disclaimers.
902	A lot of patients feel anger, confusion and distress.
903	A lot of people have some really good ideas on how to do this, and we’ll do everything we can to make it happen.
904	A lot of young people, many of whom are not overweight in the first place, want to be thinner.
905	A lot of young people who left school without qualifications don’t have any confidence to start a business, what would you say to them?
906	A lot of you out there are really wondering what kind of "educated" questions you should be asking when choosing the right daycare for your child.
907	A lovely 2 days saying in a comfortable hotel.
908	A lovely double bedroom at the front of the house with a picture rail and a central heating radiator.
909	A lovely gift for Mother’s Day, our traditional afternoon tea includes a selection of finger sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and jam and a selection of mini patisserie.
910	A lovely offload by number eight Dan Laventure saw fly-half James Doe dive in for a try and his fine conversion from the touchline put the visitors seven points up.
911	A lovely suite in white to comprise a panelled SPA bath and wash hand basin within a vanity unit, both of which have waterfall taps.
912	ALPHA BOOSTER line is an ideal, ready-to-use stationary line for everyday use in most segments due to 1450 rpm motors, equipped with lance, hose and gun.
913	Alpha waves which are tuned at 9-12 cycles per second have been recently associated with enabling parts of the brain concerned with higher control to influence other parts of the brain.
914	Alpina, remember, is so intertwined with BMW that its cars are actually built on the same production line and are only transported to the Buchloe factory for finishing.
915	Already eight leading organisations have agreed to join with us on this collaboration, a city has been identified and planning for the next phase is well underway.
916	Already have a Barclayloan and need more funds?
917	Already implicit in the EC Treaty, EU law’s commitment to neoliberalism was, over time, made increasingly explicit – being entrenched by treaty revision, legislation and jurisprudence.
918	Already the little ones seemed to have such cheerful personalities and there were lots of smiles as they played with their mummy and daddy in the warmth of the main bedroom.
919	Already, thousands of Yemenis and Somali refugees in Yemen have crossed to northern Somalia.
920	Alrewas is well placed for access to the commuter routes A38, A50 and M6 and rail stations at Burton on Trent and Lichfield Cathedral City provide convenient access to Birmingham, Derby and London (in 80 minutes).
921	Al says that he's been told that the A14-M1 is a far better way to get there than going up the A1.
922	Also a great thing for the kit of course.
923	Also - although we are closed today, you can post entries through our letterbox (to the right of the main entrance).
924	Also, an employment tribunal can increase or decrease your compensatory payment for failure to follow internal workplace dispute resolution processes.
925	Also back for more is Michael Rooker's Blue Man Group candidate Yondu Udonta, although it seems Benicio Del Toro's mad-haired The Collector will be sitting this one out, as is Josh Brolin's uber-baddie Thanos.
926	Also, because of its electric motor, the car picks up speed pretty quickly, accelerating from 0-30mph in just four seconds – it’s great at dashing away from the traffic lights or nipping into a small gap in traffic, which makes driving around town easy.
927	Also, Champions are individuals with jobs, families and other commitments so they do appreciate help.
928	Also consider a statement wallpaper or mural in a bold pattern, which is a great way to zone off a dining area.
929	Also consider smaller brand phones in the Android space, although be sure to check our expert reviews before parting with cash.
930	Also consider the help you can get at home – someone who’ll listen to the challenges you’re facing when making healthy changes and, importantly, someone to share your successes with.
931	Also, don’t be tempted to colour the antler before it is scored, as artificially coloured trophies will receive a zero score for colour.
932	Also, don't know if any of this is connected, but weeks ago, he told me he keeps getting stabbing pains in his chest, and at either side.
933	Also, edit it so it sounds punchy'.
934	Also fitted with 20in alloys.
935	Also from next April, the quarantine period to avoid clawback on recovery of value will reduce from seven to five years.
936	Also having the highchair and safety gates on the stairs made us feel completely safe with having a 10month baby crawling about gave her a bit of freedom too.”
937	Also, if you are an ADI in Devon or Cornwall then we have a special invite for you.
938	Also, if you pick up a loyalty card and collect eight stamps, your next drink is on the house.
939	Also included, with our compliments; a personal wedding co-ordinatorceremony styling package; chivari chairs for ceremony; crisp white linen, table cloths and napkins; candles; parking.
940	Also it seems MSC purposely make those who arranged their own activities (rather than book ship tours) to encounter some last minute surprises.
941	Also, it’s quite common for your teeth to feel slightly loose, but don’t worry, they’re not about to fall out.
942	Also known as an undisclosed facility.
943	Also known as internet banking.
944	Also, look at the ride durations and try to ride for the upper suggested range of the longer of the two rides.
945	Also, many people do not want to go through the pain that is associated with having implants.
946	Also messuage etc. being at a place called Garth within the precincts and liberties of the town of Monmouth, formerly in occupation of Robert Lewis, labourer, and now of Thomas Elkington, innholder, and called the Upper Garth.
947	Also of considerable interest is Farber, 2002.
948	Also on 23 March the Italian embassy provided a grant of €534,657 (about $640,000), as the third instalment of a donation towards the "Programme to Support Development of the National Statistical System".
949	Also on the ground floor is a separate Utility Room, Cloakroom and internal door to the garage.
950	Also on the petition that was submitted, the meeting was informed that this was not a material consideration to this assessment.
951	Also pet photography.
952	Also, potentially, lead to a complaint being lodged with the Ombudsman.
953	Also related to the bus station, the southern half has now started to undergo construction, and so stands are reduced from 4 to 2 for the duration.
954	Also returning from the TSB's US robotics mission, Silas commented, “The mission capture our experience and are a useful resource for robotics start-ups.
955	“Also thanks to Colwyn Bay juniors coach Danny McGoona and both medical teams for their superb help and a big thank to our stewards.
956	Also, the camera guy (Matt) was so helpful in suggesting that I repeat the first sentence of my speech again at the end to give my audience a chance to remember the main message.
957	Also there is an appendix of The Spencer-Pellew correspondence of February 1799, which the authors have included in full as a testimony to Pellew's devotion to HMS Indefatigable and her crew.
958	Also the wording on both Completion Certificates and Final Certificates is to be amended to clarify that the certificate is evidence, but not conclusive evidence, that the requirements of the building regulations have been complied with.
959	Also, this help us dine quicker and try to get a decent seat before a show.
960	Also to improve knowledge and understanding of horse behaviour and how to ride and handle a horse.
961	Also, to reduce fees, so-called panel surveyors are employed from out of area and paid relatively low sums to value the property, often with little local knowledge or experience, again risking under valuations.
962	Also tyre adhesive splashed on the walls of the tyres.
963	Also victorious against an Irish champion was 21-year-old Ameen Khan and Brennan believes even bigger things lie ahead for him.
964	Also with a built-in rechargeable battery and quick mounting system you can take the light with you; a great solution for road safety.
965	Also, worrying you’ll have another panic attack can actually trigger them in the future.
966	Also, your latest banking, credit card and PayPal transactions can be imported and categorised reducing data entry.
967	Also, you should establish how your gardener prefers to be paid.
968	Alstons Avignon Accent ChairA transitional model with a new sabre shaped arm a design which lends itself to any living space.
969	Alternative Drainage is renowned for fast and reliable 24 hour, 7 days a week emergency drainage services that are available to.
970	Alternative finance providers, including Wesleyan Bank, offer a range of flexible financial solutions tailored to the needs of a growing SME.
971	ALTERNATIVE: Instead of the salsa, you could make a sauce: pour any excess fat from the pan and deglaze with 150ml red wine, scraping up any cooking residue from the bottom of the pan.
972	Alternatively a buddy to house share with.
973	Alternatively, as above, our Seniors' assistant manager, Jamie King on M 07940001888, or Reece Nunn M 07584071261 will be more than happy to hear from you.
974	Alternatively ask friends, neighbours or owners of well-behaved dogs that you meet out on a walk for recommendations.
975	Alternatively, blood-based injections help repair the damaged tendon and may provide a longer lasting solution to the problem than cortisone.
976	Alternatively, check out our other vehicle categories for competitive deals on hire vans, prestige cars and VW campervans.
977	Alternatively, complete the online enquiry form and we will contact you as soon as we can.
978	Alternatively, if you paid your employees and sent the usual RTI submission but the pay was low enough not to attract tax or NI, there is no further return to send.
979	Alternatively, if you're still unsure about using your credit or debit card in Copenhagen, it might be a good idea to pick up a currency card, such as the before you leave.
980	Alternatively, optimised contact plans can be delivered by Experian as a managed service.
981	Alternatively, passengers can also take a Delta flight to the German destinations of Düsseldorf, Munich and Stuttgart plus the Colombian destinations of Medellin, Cartagena and Bogotá.
982	Alternatively people can return the response form at the back of the printed newsletter which been delivered to businesses around the square and is also available at County Hall reception.
983	Alternatively, please provide a letter from your policy provider confirming the name of the firm that gave you the advice.
984	Alternatively, please visit our website.
985	Alternatively, set off on an adventure to one of many secluded rocky coves and forage for fossils.
986	Alternatively, there are often high-street shops selling new, reproduction designs with ornate gold frames.
987	Alternatively, try using a line chart to pick out important categories and reduce noise.
988	Alternatively, use before and after you blowdry to control frizz and add shine.
989	Alternatively you can amend the form by crossing out those no longer living at the address and adding the names of all those eligible – including 16 and 17 year olds.
990	“Alternatively, you can call our trading standards team and they’ll be able to give you the best advice.”
991	Alternatively you can call us on 0116 258 1242 to discuss your website or place an order.
992	Alternatively, you can get in touch by email with your response or any queries at either waterresources.
993	Alternatively you can hold down the ctrl key and press the + key to increase the text size.
994	Alternatively, you can press 'email link', which will send you a link to your email address to enable you to complete the quote at a convenient time.
995	Alternatively, you can send smaller cash amounts using our Western Union service at your local Sainsbury’s Bank bureau.
996	Alternatively, you can use ‘Pay As You Go’ or subscribe to a one month rolling contract which offers Skype’s lowest calling rates to over 170 countries/regions.
997	Alternatively, you could be sent to prison by the magistrate's court if you do not pay.
998	Alternatively, you could look to use a build system that’s designed to offer airtightness in combination breathable walls – which isn’t the contradiction it may initially seem.
999	Alternatively, you could try and lock in a good deal by remortgaging to a fixed rate – although if a rate rise is imminent, lenders will take this into account when making an offer.
1000	Alternative methods of payment are available for those who do not have a credit card or debit card or who do not wish to pay on-line.
1001	Alternative parking can be found nearby at Brighton Station car park; head along Stroudley Road and turn left along Billinton Way.
1002	« Alternatives to IVFFertility Drugs: What Do They Do and Are They For Me?
1003	Although a contactless transaction does not require a PIN to be entered, from time to time the terminal will ask that the cardholder undertake a full chip and PIN transaction.
1004	Although aimed at parents the information is very relevant to anyone supporting a young person with autism in this age group.
1005	Although a less common disorder in the breed, Canine Neuronal Ceroid Lipofiscuionis is however, a serious health issue that can affect an American Bulldog when they are around 2 years old.
1006	Although all donations are always very much appreciated, it felt like these were a little more appreciated than usual due to the personal nature of them and the lovely message with was sent too.
1007	Although best known for its signature cluster of towering steel and chrome skyscrapers, the Canary Wharf area in fact boasts a diverse array of architectural styles and living options.
1008	Although, by the 1590s, this import was mantling arbours and trellises in elite English gardens, it was still perceived as covetable and foreign.
1009	Although carbon is enriched, it is not possible to establish its abundance reliably.
1010	Although closed in 1967 and remaining derelict for some years the building remains as adapted for residential use with many original features.
1011	Although currently fully occupied they hold a very active register of future possible interested parties, however many families are unaware that this register exists.
1012	Although drumming has changed a great deal in a way, the basic requisites are always the same: trying to get a good quality sound.
1013	Although face-to-face interviews and focus groups are still important, of all the people that NatCen speaks to, young people are possibly the group that most needs, and is most receptive to innovative forms of participation.
1014	Although further research needs to be conducted, speciality tree nut oils such as walnut oil are and are therefore considered likely to present an allergy risk.
1015	Although he did express concern about racial profiling.
1016	Although his career often took Rutherford away from Tameside, he always returned to his northern roots and was a familiar figure in Hyde.
1017	Although hot hatch fans will be disappointed to hear that there's no tyre-shredding MPS model to go toe to toe with the likes of the Vauxhall Corsa VXR and Renaultsport Clio 197, for those looking for a more sedate pedal there's a lot to offer.
1018	Although I don’t do a front line role, I still feel as though the skills gained will be valuable for everyday life, whether in work, at home, or day to day.”
1019	Although, it is important to remember that owning a holiday home is never worry-free.
1020	Although it's easy to recognise it when we see it, play is harder to define in words.
1021	Although it was challenging in some areas, the whole experience was incredibly beneficial, and we got to experience how fast paced the “real world” is.
1022	Although it wasn’t heard subsequently, it may well still be in the area.
1023	Although I was convinced I needed a new shower fitting, he pointed out the faulty wiring on the unit and was able to solve the problem effectively at a reasonable price without my needing to purchase a new one.
1024	Although less cardio-focused than football, its benefits include improving balance, concentration and it can be muscle-building, too.
1025	"Although less new companies are opening, existing businesses seem to be surviving better, suggesting that trading conditions are becoming healthier in Richmond."
1026	"Although many properties now have installed, check the depth and quality.
1027	Although most of us change our online passwords after being hacked, how many realize that resetting Dropbox is also necessary?
1028	Although no doubt terrorised by the class warriors from the there can be no excuse for faint hearts on the Labour benches.
1029	Although Odo forfeited his own properties, his brother was allowed to keep his estates including Pevensey Castle which was duly returned to him.
1030	Although of-course you won't get your tax repayment until you submit your tax return.
1031	Although our British climate continues to be indecisive, we have seen some of the hottest days of 2015 in July so far, so it is important to keep your lawn and plants well hydrated – but don’t forget to be water wise – use recycled water where possible.
1032	Although our photo doing do this craft justice, it's worth having a go at these wax resist snowflakes.
1033	Although pet shops are covered by the same act, devolved legislation covers dog breeders – the Animal Welfare (Breeders of Dogs) (Wales) Regulations 2014.
1034	Although Richard then adds: “The Wycombe Swan was one of the first theatres I ever went to and it has long been an ambition of mine to perform there someday.”
1035	Although Scafell Pike is much nearer to Great Gable than it is to Pike of Blisco, the col at Sty Head between Great Gable and Scafell Pike is lower than the col at Red Tarn near Pike of Blisco, and in such cases the higher col is always used.
1036	Although Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is reduced to the size of an insect, he's still able to floor enemies with a single punch and has the advantage of an ant army at his disposal.
1037	Although several hundred prosecutions by the CPS have resulted from changes in the law intended to discourage "revenge porn", this was a civil case brought under the Data Protection Act.
1038	Although she is best known for her novels 'The white bird passes' and 'Another time, another place', she also wrote around 100 plays for radio over a 45-year period.
1039	Although she was unable to.
1040	Although the Allopathic kill and injure rate continues to rise, affecting millions around the world every year.
1041	Although the England midfielder continued to play for Mauricio Pochettino’s side, he did not look at his fittest and only made three appearances after the turn of the year.
1042	Although the first quarter US earnings season got off to a bright start with banks in particular reporting better-than-expected numbers, a few companies reported weaker earnings on Thursday.
1043	Although the Governor is likely to reiterate the uncertainty around the outcome for the UK economy once Article 50 is triggered, it is the forecasts that matter for traders.
1044	Although the map shows our core areas of work, if you live outside of this area and would like to speak to us about your double glazing or home improvement requirements please don't hesitate to get in touch.
1045	Although the members of the band are dotted around the north and south of England - hence the name "Up North Down South" - we contact each other every day.
1046	Although the park is in an urban location, it is vehicle-accessible only by a small road before a motorway entrance slip, and as such it has been described as a 'hidden gem'.
1047	Although the property has no outside space the inside is much larger than expected.
1048	Although there are some light-hearted elements to the campaign with the use of images and videos of Missy to encourage the download of the app it does however send out a very serious message: that hate crime will not be tolerated in Sussex.
1049	“Although there is no requirement for polling cards for by elections, members were nevertheless consulted on their views on polling cards, and those who responded were unanimous that the cost was prohibitive.
1050	Although there is uncertainty around Brexit negotiations and the impact of the interest rate rise, such factors are unlikely to influence the ‘man on the street’s’ decision to buy a pristine, previously unlived in, new home.
1051	Although the report recognises there are still challenges facing Evesham, including the empty units in the town centre, a number of ambitions have been set out for next year.
1052	Although there’s no definite way of being sure what they’re actually like to live with, there are a few things you can look out for when you meet them.
1053	Although the scoreline was completely out of their favour, they took on the second as if it was goalless.
1054	Although these diseases are rare in their occurrence, certain groups may be at greater risk of having a child affected by one of these conditions.
1055	Although the trade union movement was riven by internal dissent--in 1945 the ITUC had split--support for the women workers was immediate.
1056	Although they’d received Miss E’s payment from the debt collector, the account number had been mistyped.
1057	“Although this incident occurred in Prestbury, we have had reports of similar incidents from across the county in the past few weeks.
1058	Although this is a challenge for any seasoned athlete, those not taking part will be treated to an amazing spectator event which celebrates everything great about human endurance.
1059	Although we really appreciate your interest in KidZania London, it is incredibly difficult to maintain contact with all Recruitment Agencies & Suppliers.
1060	Although we’re most experienced in installing windows, doors, and conservatories, we offer a slew of other exterior makeover products such as carports and canopies which can help round out the complete package.
1061	“Although we were lucky enough to live in the Isle of Man for 26 years, both my husband Derek and I were Chester born and bred and all our family is here.
1062	Although within the boundary of Merchiston Community Council, Harrison Park – on the north bank of the canal – is commonly taken to be part of Polwarth.
1063	Although you may still see bumble bees in your garden, honey bees in the wild are now quite rare.
1064	Although you won’t be accredited to enter the legal profession in Scotland (or England), you will gain valuable knowledge of legal systems and important academic qualities that are greatly sought by employers.
1065	Altogether, I think we’ve raised around £6,000.
1066	Altogether, John and Prudence had seven children.
1067	Aluminium guide with anti-flexion geometry.
1068	Aluminium patio doors are particularly suited for use as a sliding commercial entrance to fill a large aperture.
1069	Aluminium windows offer many advantages which is why they are a popular choice of window for both commercial and domestic housing.
1070	A luxurious set of 50 beautifully finished apartments in the heart of Basingstoke with the two bedroom prices starting at £225,000.
1071	Always an interesting display of flowers, fruit and vegetables, as well as handicrafts and cooking.
1072	Always be buyer beware – it’s just not worth taking the risk.
1073	Always have it checked before riding it.
1074	Always keep your ticket on you for the entire journey, as checks can be made by ticket controllers at any time.
1075	Always lots of seats & a nice venue for the acoustic- orientated acts who performed there.
1076	Always make sure you check your policy wording before you travel, and contact your insurer if you have any queries.
1077	Always remember to think fundamental thoughts about playing a brass instrument—it takes air to do it.
1078	Always take into account the level of cover you require for the premises (if you own the building), alongside any equipment and stock.
1079	Always wash your hands and dry them thoroughly with a clean towel or kitchen roll before touching the area around the piercing.
1080	Alyssa Cho, another Sixth Former involved in the initiative, said: “We hope that everyone will take their eyes off their screens and enjoy what is around them.”
1081	A magnificent riverside apartment with three doubles plus a study.
1082	A major benefit of the new lights is that they allow for bespoke levels of light to be set for specific activities.
1083	A majority of the houses of this kind are rendered or pebbledashed sandstone rubble, with several in coursed rubble.
1084	A MAN has been charged with conspiracy to steal relating to 12 offences involving 11 convenience stores across Hampshire.
1085	A man has pleaded guilty to the murder of his seven-year-old daughter.
1086	A man in a navy blue tracksuit and hat approached the victim, a man in his 30s, and punched him in the face causing him to fall to the floor.
1087	A MAN suffered a bleed on the brain after being knocked unconscious near to an Evesham bar.
1088	A man suffered a broken leg after falling from height in St Neots on Thursday (July 27).
1089	A MAN was hit by a car in Northfield during rush hour on Tuesday (November 21).
1090	A man wears a suit.
1091	A man who traded counterfeit goods at a Wisbech market more than 10 years ago has been jailed for a further eight.
1092	A man who won that office on, among many other horrors, a promise to ‘ban’ (albeit temporarily) Muslims from entering the US.
1093	A man wielding a metal bar followed and racially taunted a school student.
1094	A market solution to a market problem available to all tied tenants which ensures the Government adjudicators time is better spent on other code related issues.
1095	A material circumstance is one that would influence the judgement of an insurer in deciding whether to offer insurance and on what terms.
1096	A maximum of 3 animals up to 6 months old and from the same litter, may be shipped in the same container.
1097	Amazed at all the treasures from the Czar era that had not been stolen during the revolution and wars.
1098	“Amazing apartment, perfect location, can't wait to return”
1099	Amazing, the Molecules in reaction team do not quote the Langmuir paper.
1100	Amazing to think that it is 20 years since the first Focus was launched.
1101	Amazing view and brilliant proximity to the beach - you probably wouldn't even need a car if you were planning a week by the seaside (and you bring supplies - the local Co-op is useful but limited).
1102	Amazing wildlife along the Amazon.
1103	Amazing wines at an amazing price!
1104	Ambulance crews attended the scene and there were reports of minor injuries.
1105	Ambulance services are highly responsive to public demand, putting them at the forefront of efforts to explore the opportunities and limits of efficient data-driven demand management.
1106	A medical professional should be able to spot the symptoms and correctly diagnose Crohn's disease, and should be able to recommend and administer the correct treatment.
1107	A medieval market town, Burton became important for brewing during the nineteenth century, the home of Bass brewery.
1108	A meeting was arranged by the nominated site inspector for the provision of further regulatory advice, on both solid radioactive waste disposal and the related potential delicensing of part of the site.
1109	Amelanotic melanomas are also rare, accounting for about 5 in 100 melanomas (5%).
1110	A melee then occurred when Gareth Simpson made a poor challenge and was perhaps fortunate to escape with a yellow card.
1111	Amelia Jane is big, bad and the terror of the toy cupboard!
1112	A Member asked whether the former council offices at Lane, were included in the document.
1113	A member of staff in the Art, Media and Design Department of London Met University spoke to The Socialist about the campaign of strike action against cuts they are involved in:.
1114	A Member requested some feedback on the impact of the closure of the Beech Street Tunnel due to an event.
1115	A memorial plaque is also known as ‘ Dead man’s penny’ ‘Next of kin’ plaque or ‘Death plaque’.
1116	Amendment 49 is designed to restrict the type of financial information that can be provided by excluding entire tax records.
1117	Amenities within the town include supermarkets, library, bakeries, convenience shops, churches and schools.
1118	American tourist to Cuba - who has suffered from mystery illness for THREE YEARS since he visited the country - thinks he was hit by the same 'sonic attack' that was recently 'used to sicken US diplomats'
1119	American Western Art A Collection of One Hundred Twenty-five Western Paintings and Sculpture with.
1120	America’s biggest rock star was going right into the heart of communist Europe where he would show his solidarity with the US-oppressed people of Nicaragua.
1121	Amerit, a Unison member at Whittington Hospital in north London, told Socialist Worker in a personal capacity, “I’ve already voted to reject the deal.
1122	A message to members from the NUJ general secretary Michelle Stanistreet -
1123	Am I able to claim compensation from the Council if a protected tree causes damage?
1124	A Microsoft Gold Partner, the company has over 2000 customers including British Airways, Carillion, United Biscuits and Harrods.
1125	Amid all that, you might imagine their share prices would be tanking, as customers abandoned them in disgust, and people turned off their social media accounts in protest.
1126	Amidst the backdrop of a tough business environment over recent years, all firms able to tell a tale of dynamic and dramatic growth are worthy of celebration.
1127	Amidst the space and stillness sits a very special hall, with more than six decades of history and a heritage the team at Bruisyard Hall are proud to hold on to.
1128	A migrant who has chosen to make Scotland a home for myself and for my family.
1129	A military, air force or naval unit or establishment in which medical or surgical treatment is provided.
1130	‘A million atoms fill a single hair,’ Close replies, after explaining that protons are the seeds of atoms and that an atom has a cluster of positive charges at its core surrounded by an orbiting halo of electrons.
1131	Am I locked into your service once I sign up?
1132	Am i overdoing it - We’ll, I would argue not.
1133	A mischievous elf has been causing havoc around Dereham in the run up to Christmas.
1134	Am I the only one who was hoping Donald Trump would skip the State of the Union address?
1135	Am I the only person who loves Jeremy Clarkson’s column?
1136	A mitigating circumstance is something out of your control that affects your grades or your application to university.
1137	A mix of light-hearted poems and more serious ones, poems that rhyme and those that don’t, with plenty of good ‘read alouds’.
1138	Ammanford fought back well and another Marks penalty reduced the arrears.
1139	A mobile phone is useful and adds to your personal safety.
1140	A modern circular cut diamond and coloured gem set ring, in a three row desig.
1141	A modern range of white gloss wall, base, drawer and larder units, with stainless steel kitchen sink, right hand drainer and mixer tap above.
1142	A modest site but the site offers lots of free resources too.
1143	Among its many attractions, features a 50ft high slide, a 35ft helter skelter, a Noah’s Ark play centre and a play centre.
1144	Among many other things, it said: We will enhance the systems that provide and support our digital services by building a multi-channel digital tax platform, upon which all new digital services operate.
1145	Amongst the flowers would be another note: ‘We can go anywhere you want, we can do anything you like as long as we do it together.’
1146	Among the freely available nTLDs, there are some options that could prove to be fertile ground for legal disputes.
1147	Among the IADLs, more people said that they needed help with shopping for food (20% of men, 31% of women) or routine housework (20% and 27% respectively) than with getting out of the house or (16% of men and 24% of women).
1148	Among the links mentioned you will also find information about setting options for the protection of your privacy and about your further rights regarding the collection, processing and use of your data by the respective social media service.
1149	Among them is English actor Ralf Little who also criticised the cuts on Twitter.
1150	Among them was Romy Hubert, 19, who had travelled from Paris and arrived with her friend Chloe Zee outside the venue on Thursday.
1151	Among the older cohort, overall use has reduced by about 50%—a statistically significant change.
1152	Among the USD pairs, we favour the USD/JPY because of the still-positive sentiment and the fact that the BoJ is nowhere near ready to tighten its policy.
1153	Among the wide range of ideas about the afterlife, one was that the underworld was the resting place for the dead, with those not accepted by the underworld gods wandering homeless forever.
1154	Among those aged over 65, 78% are unaware of switchover.
1155	“Among those people are hundreds of our staff, who are working tirelessly to ensure that people continue to receive the help they need.
1156	Among those performing are the Manchester Survivors Choir, a group made up people who were at the Arena on the night of the fateful Ariane Grande concert, and Parrs Wood High School's Harmony Group, whose post-attack tribute went viral last year.
1157	A month-long campaign to combat anti-social driving on Cheshire’s rural roads saw over 900 drivers caught breaking the speed limit.
1158	A more relevant term would be to say 'any costs incurred in providing a substitute will be at the expense of the Company.'
1159	A morning visit to the comedy club could also offer an opportunity for romance, she said.
1160	A most excellent account to read and I wish the book and your family all the best.
1161	A Mr Gooch speaking for the Railway proposed a double arch with a central support cutting the road.
1162	A Mr Zakkria Khan has taken to the witness stand.
1163	Amsterdam Zuid (Amsterdam South) incorporates the Museum District and several residential suburbs, including De Pijp, which has developed into a vibrant, multicultural dining and nightlife hot spot.
1164	A must even if you’re not staying at the hotel!
1165	Am very disappointed as I love Dermalogica.
1166	“Amy” said she was tempted into the sudden career change six months back because “I wanted to better my life”.
1167	Amy told us that she wanted the best video people to come and film a marryoke video on their big day so we jumped at the chance.
1168	Amy went on to head-up the marketing department at a Lloyds of London syndicate before starting her career as Marketing Manager for Bidwells in 2017.
1169	An 8-10,000-word dissertation in the area of international development management.
1170	An act necessary to the proper execution of his duty in the Cemetery by an officer of the Council, or by any person employed by the Council, shall not be deemed an offence against these regulations.
1171	An adaption of data driven supply chains will make the UK more competitive vital given the uncertainty surrounding our post Brexit environment.
1172	An additional line and new junction was completed in early 2011.
1173	An aftercare maintenance service is also available to all of our clients, no matter what their requirements may be.
1174	An ageing population requires those who have served their community, to be adequately supported.
1175	An alloy bust portrait of a young boy, simulated bronze finish, together with.
1176	An all round great College!'
1177	An already established team, 3. Others don't.
1178	Analyse and interpret marketing and branding data to inform business decisions.
1179	Analysis of association of the TIRAP (MAL) S180L variant and tuberculosis in three populations.
1180	Analysis of the transcriptome of the protozoan Theileria parva using MPSS reveals that the majority of genes are transcriptionally active in the schizont stage.
1181	Analysts had anticipated an inflation rate of 0.1 per cent last month, so the CPI measure fell sharper than anticipated.
1182	Analysts note that the operating system can be resilient to applications that try to slip malware onto a Mac.
1183	Analytics and insight development.
1184	An amazing adaptation of Roald Dahl's spellbinding story.
1185	An analysis of changes and continuities in the role of students in society.
1186	An Analysis of the Global Defence & Security Export Market, Chris Baker, Operations Director UKTI DSO, slide 14.
1187	An animation or art-related HND, foundation degree, degree or postgraduate course could be helpful.
1188	An annual Hartlepool road race has attracted hundreds of runners.
1189	An anti-internment march was held at Magilligan strand, County Derry, with several thousand people taking part.
1190	An AOL Mail account may be deactivated if it is inactive for 90 days.
1191	AN appeal to education chiefs by the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority to recognise the importance of primary schools, has been welcomed by North Yorkshire's education authority.
1192	An application for a of the presumption of compliance created by an evidential provision would not normally be granted.
1193	An appropriation in aid is a transfer of income from a trust fund to a departmental account, and is therefore a saving to the University Chest.
1194	An Approved Driving Instructor is someone that has gone through all the relevant checks and tests as set out by the UK Government's Driving Standards Agency.
1195	An approximation to the numbers entering occupations can be obtained for the earlier years by deducting the numbers employed at any given age from those employed at the next year of age.
1196	An architecture student and a performance artist have digitally reconstructed buildings in New Orleans that were engulfed during Hurricane Katrina.
1197	An architect will make thorough checks to protect the standard of workmanship, ensuring that the materials and quality of work provided is at a standard reflected in the original tender and would be approved by building regulations.
1198	An array of mobile broadband, satellite broadband and fixed wireless broadband ISPs are expected to bid, as well as fixed line ISPs.
1199	An Ashington martial arts club is going from strength to strength only 12 months after being formed.
1200	A nationwide poll to find the funniest, most heart-warming and romantic wedding photos has revealed the nation's favourites, following more than 1,000 votes.
1201	An attractive beach resort set against a backdrop of dense pine forests, the German cruise port Travemunde is also your gateway to one of the country’s most fascinating cities, Hamburg.
1202	An average of 92 MPs stood down from the House at General Elections in the period 1979 to 2010.
1203	An average tax refund/saving to date in excess of £200,000.
1204	An award winning, multicultural business journalist and Editor, she started her career in Germany at national broadsheet paper as an intern.
1205	Anchor are specialists in dementia care and recognise a person with dementia is, first and foremost, a person – unique and with a rich history of experiences, abilities, skills, knowledge, preferences, desires and personality.
1206	Ancient woodland is one of our richest wildlife habitats.
1207	And a 675-watt B&O PLAY sound system delivers a rich, powerful sounding listening experience through no less than 10 premium speakers.
1208	And about 2k paying off interest on payday loans / credit cards.
1209	And after Clint Wood the valley keeps green.
1210	And after Sunday night’s Off-West End Awards and our win for Best New Play we didn’t think it could get much better.
1211	And after the first six weeks, this drops to 44 per cent.
1212	And a horse with no manners cannot be worked.
1213	And all this on top of the work we’ve been doing for our fortnightly sprints.
1214	And all this with good cleaning performance, excellent rinse results and moderate programme run times, even in the Cottons Eco programme.
1215	And although the engines are highly rated for their refinement and performance, owners do tell us that economy could be better.
1216	And another shore excursion in Cozumel where we went on a catamaran snorkeling and to a private beach.
1217	And apart from a few bits and pieces about percentages of salary and age of employees, that’s about the full extent of my knowledge.
1218	“And a partnership which can deliver prosperity and security for all our people, for generations to come.”
1219	And apparently she was advised to write about it by Martin Luther King.
1220	And a rummage among its rumpled pages uncovers all sorts of delights, especially in the entertainment listings.
1221	And as locals (and me) have suggested: snow in March - at least very likely in the first week of it.
1222	And as temperatures rise in summer, parties tend to move outdoors – to take advantage of the atmospheric setting of the garden and the chance to enjoy your hot tub, a very special highlight for you and your guests.
1223	And as the father of two small girls who would be delighted if they grew up to be enthused by science and engineering, I’ve been delighted to support and help promote the conference.
1224	And at 45-years-old, I proved you’re never too old for slides!
1225	And because of the cards he’s been dealt he’s public enemy number one.
1226	And both actors in this movie convey a very complex inner life.
1227	And both versions offer the same low level of CO2 emissions and impressive fuel economy – meaning you can enjoy low running costs with either.
1228	And by 14.3% for workers in public administration.
1229	And despite its appropriately glamorous effect, this look can be achieved in projects of any size, for a fraction of the cost that one might expect.
1230	And don't expect any training courses.
1231	And don’t forget that with our scrappage scheme still active you have until the end of this month to save £2,000 on a huge variety of models - the Ford range has something for everyone, from small compact cars to luxury saloons, MPVs, and SUVs.
1232	And don’t forget to watch our on what to look for, and consider, when buying a new bed.
1233	And even if not, studying at ESAM is still likely to remain one of the most enjoyable times of your life.
1234	“And everything is made in Leicester – although there is a small facility in Amabad in India that we will possibly start manufacturing from in the next six months.
1235	And far from reducing the danger of terrorism worldwide, the war has reinforced all those discontents which can lead to such a response.
1236	And finally, document and analyse the events so you can have a better crisis plan for the future.
1237	And finally, go for a manufacturer that is familiar with design challenges.
1238	And football is still a game.
1239	And for adults there is always the speciality beers and cider, artisan food and gin and fizz tent!
1240	And for that I am indebted."
1241	And from its home at a brand new research and study centre at Sevenhills, in Spennymoor, curators are working to offer greater access to the county’s military heritage than ever before.
1242	And give some evening music to her ear.
1243	And, going back a bit further, Abraham Lincoln wrote the inspirational Gettysburg Address without the aid of Google or Wikipedia.
1244	And having suffered a hard to stomach 5-1 defeat at Molineux earlier in the season, the Trotters will be playing for their own personal pride as well as league survival as they look to spoil the party on Saturday.
1245	And he believes that only in Manchester could he have gained the knowledge necessary to carry out these plans.
1246	And how many souls have been sold and to whom to ensure that this square mile (usually) enjoys the best of weather on this last Saturday of August is nobody’s business!
1247	And how often do our tribunals deliver these remedies?
1248	And I commend the work of the Institute of Employment Rights in being steadfast in supporting our unions and for producing their excellent Manifesto for a positive reform of employment rights.
1249	And if animals got out they were put in there.
1250	And if it doesn’t, does that suggest that God exists, or that we have simply reached the limit of our common understanding of things?
1251	And if not, is it the case that the overall goals need to be reconsidered or maybe it could just be the core aspects of a strategy need to be reset?
1252	And if that sounds alarming, that is exactly the point: the cartoon fish are part of a sticker campaign urging residents to be careful when putting things down the drain.
1253	And if there is something in the Mii range you just can’t do without, then you can buy it to take home to get the look time and again.
1254	And if they can keep the commitment going the benefits to their pocket could be massive, as the average person spends £50,000 on alcohol over the course of a lifetime.
1255	And if you are wondering why we changed the shape of the tank of our pumps, it was done for a good reason.
1256	And if you’d like a cup of tea or coffee, you’re more than welcome to go into the kitchen and help yourself!
1257	And if you do join us, we guarantee a warm welcome.
1258	And if you mix your planting you can enhance your fruit and vegetables with beautiful flowers, enjoy the wildlife and have a succession of fresh produce.
1259	And if you pick the dual clutch auto option, progress is smoother and more serene.
1260	And I LOVE the pics of your daughter, I hope she is healthy and happy now.
1261	And I’m joined by Elena Greer, who’s curator of the ‘Dutch Winter Scenes’ exhibition.
1262	And importantly, a community inspiring to all (the motivation behind the Young Folk part of the festival).
1263	And in an era when the current presidency is as divisive as ever and unflattering reports are branded as ‘fake news’, the film is a timely reminder of the importance of a free press.
1264	And in any case, could you please find time to do so before Sunday, October 29, when the survey closes?
1265	And increasingly the look of the latest phones is very similar.
1266	And in order for your website to resonate and be remembered, it's essential that you provide them with a simple and delightful experience — and responsive design is at the very center of that.
1267	And in summer it means that the optional climate control system works more efficiently because it only air-conditions the cab (which is what you want) and not the entire body (which is what you don’t want).
1268	And is 'Frexit' - a French exit from the EU - likely?
1269	And it gives a feeling of more freedom too, without that tight harmony all the time—like musical Andrews Sisters!
1270	And it is fantastic.
1271	And it isn’t just the learning content itself; the funding and provision of learning should be simple, transparent, accessible for all and designed to the learners needs.
1272	And it looks like more new designs will be making their debuts later this month.
1273	And it looks lovely too.
1274	And it seems instead, she’s been focusing her energies into making her home as gorgeous as possible.
1275	And it’s not necessarily just a case of choosing a car with a big boot.
1276	And it's the perfect time to enjoy this treat, as British Pie Week starts today.
1277	And Jackett expects he will enjoy managing on such occasions, rather than playing in them.
1278	And just over 10% of all students are from the EU.
1279	'And knowing I am helping is the best thing about being an Admiral Nurse.
1280	And let's remember that the Inquest verdicts were unlawfully killed, all 96 who died had been killed unlawfully.
1281	And like our events for smaller businesses, places are free of charge.
1282	“And local residents could also benefit from a new connection to the gas grid allowing them access to cheaper ‘mains gas’ for the first time.
1283	And maintenance work in the nearby Afon Henddol has also begun – mostly cutting weeds so that the water can flow freely - and will continue throughout September.
1284	And maybe the mother was kept busy on purpose with the grandchildren, to keep her from becoming suspicious.
1285	And media reporting.
1286	And not to forget thanks Brian for the banter we have had within your car!
1287	And now, bless her, she has all her knickers out again and hanging each pair over a chair.
1288	And now for something completely different, or not – It’s not all about the Fed (although during my 26-year career in financial markets it has mostly been about the Fed).
1289	And now the Manhattan commute will be even easier, for Wang is transporting guests via boat.
1290	And now the University has its degree celebrations there.
1291	And of course it’s nice to be racing so close to Audi’s headquarters.
1292	And of course no change in cover affects the individual's or firm's responsibility in law.
1293	And, of course, there’s no need to master anything too technical.
1294	And of course this smart object recognition doesn’t stop with helping the blind to see – in fact we’re just lucky beneficiaries of the massive mainstream initiative to develop more and more intelligent machine learning to better understand big data.
1295	And of course you want it to look great.
1296	And oh, the camera – it’s incredible, and amazing that Google can achieve so much without the need for dual cameras.
1297	“And once that had been done they were told, ‘right, there you are, you can go home now.’
1298	And, one hopes, gains, otherwise why do it at all?
1299	And one of the things that Mary said was that having given birth to the Christ Child painlessly and instantaneously, the child emitted such a brilliant radiance that it eclipsed the light from Saint Joseph’s candle.
1300	And one special person is with every member all the way.
1301	And on that happy note we shall leave our Christmas ghosts.
1302	And on warm summer days, home-workers might operate their PCs linked by an Ethernet connection to the Internet in the garden, where their home Wifi signal just doesn’t reach.
1303	And opposition grew to him in parliament.
1304	And our bed was huge and cushiony too.
1305	And our external liaison team is dedicated to encouraging firms to resolve their disputes themselves directly with the consumer.
1306	And packing your own medical kit is a must if you are travelling to developing countries.
1307	Andrea wants to encourage more young women to enter engineering and manufacturing by participating in the Challenging Stereotypes program in Manchester.
1308	“And recognising how this is being achieved in practice is what makes these Public Finance Innovation Awards so important for us all.”
1309	And recruitment is tough if your standards are high.
1310	And relaxing on a quiet day.
1311	And remember, no one knows which days will turn out to be the best trading ones – and by being out of the market, you could miss them.
1312	Andrew is a print expert and enthusiastic nature photographer who can often be found in the Park with his camera and his lively Springer Spaniel Josie.
1313	AndrewJohn Stephenson Clarke 2018-03-22T10:43:10+00:00 Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
1314	Andrew Martin, one of the NLS curators who put the exhibition together' said: 'Thanks to the generosity of the new owner, we are able to add this wonderful item to an exhibition which celebrates amazing achievements by Scots or from Scotland.
1315	Andrew Sidders, education and community officer at Essex Wildlife Trust, said: “There is always a jam-packed event list on at the Gorges during the summer but it seems as if we have even more this year.
1316	Andrew Ware, Emergency Planning Officer for Warwickshire Police, said: "This is an exciting opportunity for our officers and other local emergency services to check our readiness for a major incident of this kind.
1317	Andrew Wilson, who published his findings on Friday, said he believed “emphatically” that membership of the bloc was the best option, even though his report does not make an explicit recommendation on Scotland’s future relationship with Europe.
1318	And right now that car-parts incubator is saving little babies’ lives.
1319	And secondly, when aluminium levels from the Alwen Water Treatment Works - a DCWW drinking water treatment works near Corwen - exceeded permit conditions after a fault on an inlet valve allowed sediment build up from a back-up valve to enter the river.
1320	And SkyDome will also be under round-the-clock surveillance from 10 uniformed security officers after Rank agreed a deal with a nationally known Midlands-based company.
1321	And so it was, out of tragedy and disaster sprang a ray of hope, of life reborn.
1322	And some content to let alone other matters, pvt in memory only such thyngs, as they them selues haue had experience of, in their own countreis.
1323	And some striking new developments like the Park Hill Flats.
1324	And so this weekend it emerges in the press that Hopkins is having to sell her family’s house, presumably to pay for the costs of proceedings.
1325	“And spellbinding storyteller Anne Latto will be joining Jennifer Leach to spin tales on Tuesday, April 24, at 8pm.”
1326	And still no realistic negotiating strategy.
1327	And still, those games succeeded in gaining popularity, and eventually professionals started working on the Bitcoin gaming platform as well.
1328	And thank you to all of you who held stitch and sip coffee mornings or crafternoons to make these decorations and help raise funds for unique and fragile children.
1329	And that is why they sold the house, it has been a pleasure to do business with them.'
1330	And that means it is officially a top place for people to visit and enjoy recreational activities in a countryside environment.
1331	And that’s because I don’t want to pay for a gigabit connection.
1332	And that's completely wrong, for many people it would be better if they went down that route from day one."
1333	And, that’s just mentioning only the biggest changes SEOs everywhere had to face.
1334	And that's the online marketing version of fashion.”
1335	And that’s what I’m about.”
1336	And that’s where body hacking comes in.
1337	“And that was a pretty strait-laced article to boot,” remembers the author.
1338	And that was just the beginning!
1339	And the adoration goes both ways.
1340	And the best part is that it's all right on your doorstep.
1341	And the bungee cord adjusters on the hood and hem means you can tighten it up to really.
1342	And the cost per transaction ranges from 2.75 per cent to as low as 1.5 per cent (when monthly transactions amount to £15,000 or more).
1343	And the fifth one is to refine your idea.
1344	And, the good news for those already paying this way is that they will automatically be entered into the draw as well.
1345	And the Government’s decision to review the tapering of pensions tax relief for high earners has also been welcomed by some.
1346	And the HPV may cause changes in cells in the vagina or cervix.
1347	And their Railway in Wartime event is not to be missed, from 13-15 October.
1348	And the most important thing—speaking for myself, at least, I did not want to do anything in which I didn’t believe: I wanted to play my way, and not try to do something strictly for purposes of attracting this mythical wider audience.
1349	And the new trailer for it has been released.
1350	And then expand rapidly, he says.
1351	And then it will flow into a presentation of another story, the story of God’s grace and love, the story of Jesus.
1352	And then there is the robot police rabbit called Flax.
1353	And then we talked about how we felt about the conference so far and what key themes we all felt were emerging.
1354	And the pair were rewarded for their years of effort at the National Game Awards in association with SCL, celebrating the achievements of another special year of non-league football at Stamford Bridge this week.
1355	And the pianist is Rob Franken, who is my regular player in Europe; I always try to reserve him way in advance— he’s really good.
1356	And there are different things you can try to help manage your symptoms.
1357	And there’s no compromising on comfort and style; you’ll find cosy converted barns, stone cottages with a view and luxury manors – all within or close to the Peak District.
1358	And there's show-cooking, too.
1359	And there the doctor revealed that the child’s injuries were most likely caused by a side effect of her epilepsy medication – and this vindicating Priya.
1360	And there were two wellingtons 10 feet apart."
1361	And these are the reasons why - while there is undoubtedly more caution in the market at present than a year or so ago (among borrowers and mortgage companies alike) - people are simply in a better position to commit to a home purchase.
1362	And the Western powers have proved completely incapable of cooperating with each other to hold these in check.
1363	And they are executed in a very wide range of finish.
1364	And they do it by letting existing customers explain how you’ve helped them.
1365	And they probably won’t even need a password.
1366	And think about the less skilled user too.
1367	And think carefully about what service level you need.
1368	And this extends to pride in your surroundings as I saw a very tidy, litter-free country.
1369	And this from Coventry 1884 Directory, 5 Portland Terrace, Lower Ford Street.
1370	And this is precisely what happened.
1371	And this is when the bucking bronco came to full use!
1372	And this is where our sport and leisure judge Tanni Grey-Thompson says, every cricketer dreams to play.
1373	And this week the credit goes to the organisers of the Rat Race Ultra Tour of Arran.
1374	And this year it would appear things will be no different - after the Mayoral baton was passed to Macedon rep Paul Hamill by DUP Group Leader Phillip Brett.
1375	And thus do we Long Beach, friends.
1376	And tighten them for battle.
1377	And today it seemed pressure was building within the party for Johnson to either shut up or clear off.
1378	"And to give him a three-year deal to help him get it over the line, I think it is a really sensible appointment from Bradford."
1379	And to see it all unfolding breaking my heart.
1380	And von Brauchitsch saw the little red Alfa Romeo in his mirror.
1381	And we can see when they've booked through our cashback partner sites - so we can reward them whenever they do so.
1382	And we competed against last year’s World Champions and had to stand our ground.
1383	“And we didn’t want guests to have to wait with dripping hands to use slow hand dryers.”
1384	And we have a pretty talented bunch here at BGL.
1385	And we know that if you make a contribution today you can receive tax relief at your highest marginal rate.
1386	And we produce policy summaries and briefings on national topics, with a specific take on the impact for local infrastructure.
1387	And we really have one professional and efficient service team in Xiamen office.
1388	"And we've been given a boost by the Black Horse re-opening on Thursday night and a brand new pub, Otley Tap House, opening on Boroughgate today just in time for the Tour.
1389	And what a difference it could make if they were to do so seriously.
1390	And what are the downsides of invoice financing?
1391	And what a surprise—we had lots of good beer and even a giant pretzel!
1392	And what have we learnt?
1393	And what’s not to love about a country that designates whole days to celebrating sugary cakes and buns?
1394	And when he couldn’t get in through the door he tried to smash through the window and saw the arm and hand of a dead man on the windowsill.
1395	And when he was arrested at around 6.50pm on May 12 he became aggressive and hurled abusive language at a police officer.
1396	And when i complained about those in no way ther were ready to listen to me.
1397	And when she said that the police should stop and search as many old white men as young black men, Nick was left with his head in his hands.
1398	And when the fog cleared the next morning, our team-mates were still taking the suggestion very seriously.
1399	And when you call 999, the emergency call handler will ask you some questions and advise you if CPR is needed and talk you through what needs to be done.
1400	And while we were sad to see him go, we’re proud to see the success he’s having as a small business owner.
1401	And why does it make a difference?
1402	And why have interest untaxed for £1K, when you would need a portfolio, in CASH of £200K to take advantage of that at 0.5% interest rate.
1403	And why should they?"
1404	And will factors like vandalism and changing public tastes render the idea an expensive and under-used luxury which will be a white elephant, putting the rates up and further stretching household and business budgets?
1405	And with Aviva you get a personal, proactive service from a brand you can trust, together with technical support.
1406	And with enhanced accessibility to sites such as roadsides or residential areas, the KX016-4 gets the jobs done easier from large construction areas to the tightest of places.
1407	And with Europe becoming a hot potato, can the Prime Minister hold onto his job?
1408	And with the 2016 London Classic Car Show promising to be even better make sure you don’t miss out by marking the dates in your diary now: ExCeL, 18-21 February 2016.
1409	And with the Easy-Lift Tray you can serve up your delicious creations in seconds, with no sticking!
1410	Andy Ambler, The FA’s director of professional game relations, added: “One of the most special things about the Emirates FA Cup is that a goalscorer in the extra preliminary round shares the same accolade as some of football’s most famous names.
1411	Andy Bell, CEO and Actuary at AJ Bell, says, “It is common knowledge that common sense isn’t common in politics and certainly not in the House of Commons.
1412	And yet it is my view that the programme the president is putting forward rests on a reformist conception, and that there is no perspective for a break with the logic of capital.
1413	And yet our own research a few years back found that when replacing an uncomfortable bed, a new bed was associated with an increase of 42 minutes sleep.
1414	Andy has worked at BDO for 13 years.
1415	Andy McLean, the local area commander for the police in the Scottish borders, is a driving force for it.
1416	Andy Neeves, is set to complete an Ironman competition, which involves swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles and running 26.2 miles, all in one go.
1417	And you’re never far from a cable car that’ll whisk you up to the peaks, where you can take a scenic walk or just stop for a coffee and carac, the local ganache-filled pastry.
1418	And you were sent to Newgate, which was a sort of holding centre, and then you had the famous procession, all part of it.
1419	And you will get the same fuel economy from the 180 PS 2.0-litre TDCi 6-speed manual or auto.
1420	And you will renew the face of the earth.
1421	Andy Walder, Principal of the National Construction College (NCC), said: “We welcome this investment in tunnelling apprenticeships, as it will go some way to meeting future skills demand in this area.
1422	An eagerly-awaited homecoming for Manc comedy star Jason Manford, who will perform four gigs on his ongoing Muddle Class stand-up tour.
1423	An early 20th century oak two drawer writing table on substantial turned legs, width 152cm.
1424	A near record of over 360,000 racegoers enjoyed racing at York this season and we have been delighted with their reaction to the new Northern End Development which was completed this year.
1425	Anecdotal feedback from staff was that women who had not disclosed abuse at the point of referral, later disclosed violence or other forms of abuse, often extending back to childhood.
1426	A necessity along with email, Microsoft office and a website.
1427	An eclectic mix of dark jewelled colours such as dark blues, teals with yellow accents evoking power and sophistication.
1428	An economic scenario for Devon's future growth, designed to stimulate thought and debate on how stretching Devon's growth intent could, and should, be.
1429	A neighbour saw him riding away and managed to chase him down to Greenhithe for Bluewater train station, where the neighbour and Hilden’s victim confronted him.
1430	An election (claim) can be made so that you do not pay any capital gains tax on the transfer to the Trust as a gift.
1431	An elegy on an otter, a view of the credit crunch, a celebration of friendship, a political satire… Writing in Gaelic, Scots and English, the poets comment on Burns's poems, and how each chose to respond to the bard.
1432	An e-mail or browser pop-up cannot have gathered information about the state of your computer and these links more often than not are links to viruses or spyware.
1433	An employee earns, pays taxes, and that’s it!
1434	An employee has just lost his claim for constructive dismissal at the Employment Appeal Tribunal.
1435	An employee who is an apprentice or graduate, or on a training scheme that has made a positive impact on your business.
1436	An end to the policy of disciplining workers for absenteeism even when they have worked more than their contracted hours.
1437	An energy efficient conservatory will save you money on your heating bills, unquestionably.
1438	An Energy Performance Certificate gives tenants a guide on how energy efficient your property is and, therefore, what their gas and electic bills might be.
1439	An entrance and administrative block lay at the east.
1440	An estate agent has valued the Worle library building at £300,000, and the council hopes it will be sold as soon as possible.
1441	An estate agent with great local knowledge and vast experience of the property sector, in our opinion, is going to be more proactive to ensure your sale goes through as smoothly as possible.
1442	An estimated 100,000 people are at risk—more than the total population of my constituency —and those people need to be relocated to safer ground.
1443	An ETA form will be sent with the rejection letter should your formal appeal fail.
1444	A network requires maintenance so build yourself up slowly.
1445	A new 2015 valuation date has been used to analyse the income stream provided by subsidies, and the value of electricity and the capital costs of setting up a scheme have also been taken into consideration.
1446	A new bridge that will benefit businesses at Dalton Industrial Estate near Thirsk is taking shape following the placement of beams linking the two sides.
1447	A new card can be issued straight away, provided there have not been repeated incidences of lost passes occurring within the past 12 months.
1448	A new documentary about the show’s creator Garry Shandling shows how his humour was.
1449	A new group fitness class cancellation policy will be effective from 1 May and will mean that you must cancel any class bookings EIGHT hours prior to the class.
1450	A new industry panel of employers and those working in the sector is to be established under the Chairmanship of Gary Wroe, Managing Director of Hockley Mint in Birmingham.
1451	A newly appointed front of house manager promises a smoother ride but in the meantime – like the rude service in some Chinese restaurants – we can only suggest laughing it off and enjoying what we think is utterly terrific food.
1452	A new master’s degree is being launched by the School of Veterinary Medicine and Science (SVMS) at the University of Nottingham to complement its existing range of postgraduate courses and training.
1453	A new medication could be available on prescription by 2015 to boost women’s sexual desire – but will they be helpful?
1454	A new optional online Employment Status Service has now been provided by HMRC to help people decide whether the rules apply.
1455	A new partnership between Cheshire East Council and Creative England has been launched to provide an initial investment fund of £200,000 to support the growth of small and medium-sized businesses within Cheshire East.
1456	A new project will be commencing involving planning & scheduling which I will be involved in, so very exciting times ahead.
1457	A new rail halt is planned for Inverness Airport on the main Inverness-Aberdeen line and is scheduled to open in 2016.
1458	A new regional report, published by bioeconomy consultancy NNFCC, predicts 5.5million tonnes of waste food would be needed if all small and large-scale anaerobic digestion facilities currently under development were to become operational by 2017.
1459	A new report highlights the cost of rail travel in the UK, comparing it unfavourably with other European countries.
1460	A new section dealing with expedited reviews has been added from paragraph 8.7 to 8.17 which explains the process for this type of review and how interim steps are treated during the hearing and appeal processes.
1461	A new smokehouse where diners can tuck into meat which takes more than two days to prepare is now open in Crystal Palace.
1462	“A newspaper that loses the trust of its readers has lost everything.”
1463	An example of his work the former Belgrave Street Chapel (1862), was converted into flats and is still standing.
1464	An example of how you can lay this out using Excel is available in the download below along with the guide.
1465	An example of the breadcrumb trail is shown in the image below.
1466	An example of this was just over a year ago when her mum was rushed to hospital with acute pancreatitis – it was really serious and Sally had to drop everything.
1467	An excellent service."
1468	An exceptionally spacious two double bedroom ground floor apartment set within a gated development.
1469	An exchange is often the quickest way to find a different home and gives you more choice over the type and location of your new home.
1470	An exciting opportunity has arisen to help the Trust deliver safe staffing and put patients first.
1471	An expanding, regional supermarket chain today employs over 3,000 people in 29 stores across the North-West of the country.
1472	An Experian scorecard health check is customised to the specific requirements of the business.
1473	An experienced agent claims that forgoing the services of a letting agent to save money is a false economy for landlords.
1474	An experienced Solicitor can help you understand the legal position and guide you through the process of dealing with the Court or the Office of the Public Guardian.
1475	An experiment in story-telling: reassembling the house in Ladakh.
1476	An ex-student of Lincoln College is working her way up to the top.
1477	An external verifier is often appointed on a subject area basis or for a verification group of Units.
1478	An extra 10 or 15 minutes will give you time to freshen up or to ride at a gentler pace so that you don't get sweaty in the first place.
1479	"An extra special thankyou goes to Paul Slee, Dan Morgan and Jemma Panaro who were all dunked on the day in aid of charity.
1480	Angela Pearson, 52 and of Guiseley, is accused of gross negligence over the death of her mum Eileen in May this year.
1481	Angelina Jolie joined her father, Jon Voight, at the 1986 Academy Awards for her first red-carpet appearance.
1482	Angelus’s prevention and education initiatives has been embedded in Mentor’s work; it is a silver thread that runs through our projects and programmes such as Adepis, Project Aware and outreach work in Universities.
1483	Angry Twitter users hit back at a tone-deaf Abercrombie & Fitch tweet saying that Pride Month is 'for everybody'
1484	An historic migration of refugees has provoked repression—and resistance, reports?
1485	An HMRC spokesperson told AccountingWEB that the department introduced the PAYE real time tax code improvements in July 2017 and these are now fully business as usual in the way PAYE operates.
1486	An hourly rate, billed from time to time to reflect any work they have done for you.
1487	An "iconic" footbridge is at risk of demolition as Network Rail reapplies to bulldoze the historic structure.
1488	An ideal mixture for overseeding in Spring or Autumn to bulk out your lawn.
1489	An idyllic riverside position perfectly placed for a relaxing break where you can completely unwind.
1490	Ani-medics is a new purpose built small animal practice providing gold standard veterinary services and equipment to look after your family pet.
1491	An immaculately restored Grade II* Listed house of national historic importance.
1492	An immaculate two double bedroom apartment situated in the quiet cul-de-sac location of Kingsmead,Property has recently been redecorated all throughout.
1493	An impressive selection of trowels, at different thicknesses to accommodate different types of grout and conditions.
1494	An inaugural village community fete has been hailed a big success.
1495	An increased digital presence and national media coverage.
1496	An incredible animal, Triceratops had deadly horns, bony frills and a sharp beak.
1497	An independent inspection of the Logworld play apparatus, carried out by South Cambridgeshire District Council revealed that although the structure was in no imminent danger of collapse, it would certainly need replacing before next winter.
1498	An Independent Review Panel has been set up to consider the future role of Community and Town Councils.
1499	An initial consideration of £70,000 has been paid, with a deferred £44,000 to be paid in 2018 subject to a contract renewal with the NHSSC.
1500	An innovative Temperature Sensitive Compound works in harmony with the outsole, enabling optimized grip on icy surfaces.
1501	An inspirational one-handed pianist wowed the world by performing with Coldplay at the closing ceremony of the Paralympic Games.
1502	…An irresistible urge to start washing in your back garden!
1503	An Island woman's relief following a hip replacement surgery — which she had paid out more that £4000 of her life savings for — turned to anger when she discovered that fellow patients on the mainland were having the same operation covered by the NHS.
1504	An issue sheet, whole package upload, is what industry need as they use it on a daily basis.
1505	Anna Jarvis campaigned for a day set aside to honour mothers, having just lost her own mother.
1506	Anne joined the CPSU in 2001.
1507	Anne said it happens all the time and in some cultures it’s considered normal to have more than one spouse.
1508	Annie Leibovitz's series WOMEN was first published in 1999.
1509	Announcing the successful projects, Intellectual Property Minister Baroness Wilcox said, “I would like to congratulate the University of the West of England.
1510	Annual Gully Cleaning Programme You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
1511	Annual re-assessment of your company's maturity level in digital supply chains technologies and skills, conducted in-company (1 day workshop) leading to tailored transformation plans.
1512	Annual receipts from Inheritance Tax (IHT) topped £5.2 billion for the first time in the year to October 2017¹; the average IHT bill is now around £175,000².
1513	Annual returns cancan also be submitted via the online facility.
1514	Annual staff away days, summer picnics and regular fun socials take place on and around the Park!
1515	An oblique cylinder contrast-adjusted (OCCA) phantom to measure the accuracy of MRI brain lesion volume estimation schemes in multiple sclerosis.
1516	An obvious error would be to put an advertisement in a place where it would only be seen by, for example, males (such as an all male golf club).
1517	An occupier with a license to occupy may therefore only be given 28 days notice to leave, or less in certain circumstances.
1518	An Officer will then contact you within five working days to arrange a mutually convenient appointment.
1519	An old covered market (it was formerly home to the City of London's fruit, vegetable and flower market now based in Leyton), it has daily markets – check the website for details of what's on when – and a selection of restaurants and shops.
1520	A 'nominalisation' is a type of 'abstract noun'.
1521	An on-going poster and social media campaign using will create a further sense of pride in the River Thames by telling the stories of people who live, work and play on the river.
1522	An open source CMS, Drupal gives you endless choice and powerful features for building websites and apps.
1523	An operational semantics for C/C++11 concurrency.
1524	An optional <h:registrant> element specifying an account that the domains associated with the case should be placed on.
1525	An organisation may use one structure for one partnering arrangement and a different structure for another relationship.
1526	A North Herts District Council spokeswoman said: “NHDC received a complaint from Mr Nelder on February 20. We advised him that we are actively investigating his complaint.
1527	A note should still be made of the warning and kept on file for a reasonable period of time.
1528	Another application of these models is to characterise the behaviour of water flow through the geology and hence improve your drainage and flooding assessment.
1529	Another Bacchus that’s tasting great is Norfolk’s Flint Vineyard Bacchus 2017, Harper Wells in Norwich, £15.99.
1530	Another bonus is that the majority of products within this category are exempt from VAT, meaning better value for money for the customer.
1531	Another book gracing my personal collection, this classic Robin Hood takes me back to childhood.
1532	Another computer, five times faster than the original Orion, was installed in 1966.
1533	Another controversial issue is the virtual complete control some companies have over such data.
1534	Another double room with double glazed window overlooking the side of the property, double doors to built-in wardrobe cupboard.
1535	Another example is the Auchlochan Estate in South Lanarkshire’s coalfields near Lesmahagow.
1536	Another fantastic week of fishing at Grafham, with the vast majority of methods working, sees the rod average holding at 6.2.
1537	Another feature, and one that many users would not see or even care to know, is ’s concern about metadata – literally, data about data.
1538	Another fine brass ensemble, the A4 Brass Quartet, made the short choral work by French composer Poulenc sound so vocal that it was as though they were singing into their brass instruments rather than blowing.
1539	Another flourishing occurred in Gaelic poetry at the still time under the influence of poets such as William Ross, Alexander MacDonald and Duncan Bàn Macintyre, but the wheels of fortune were turning.
1540	Another great example is Cambridge’s leading role in the Square Kilometre Array radio-astronomy project, with detectors based in Australia and South Africa but data analysis conducted in the UK.
1541	Another has just hatched as I write this update!
1542	Another important change is the introduction of flood risk management plans.
1543	Another key finding of this paper is that the data released by the BBA is not comprehensive among different lenders.
1544	Another local said he was haunted by the memories of walking through the “pools of blood and severed limbs” of more than 20 victims.
1545	Another major difference between investment trusts and unit trusts is that investment trusts can borrow money for their investments, known as gearing up, whereas unit trusts cannot.
1546	Another mistake on the home 10 metre line led to a Ballyclare try at the corner flag which was also converted, 22-15 to Armagh.
1547	Another more subtle sign: family-sized Christmas biscuit boxes quietly arriving in homes up and down the country.
1548	Another of the worlds heavyweight superstars steps into the World Cup arena this summer in Russia.
1549	Another option is the self propel wheelchairs, which allows you to navigate the wheelchair yourself, often providing more independence and freedom.
1550	Another person was taken to Royal Bolton Hospital with neck and head injuries.
1551	Another point made in the consultation of 6 November, is that a key objective of the IT review is to improve IT provision and delivery for our users.
1552	Another reason for not having a second referendum is that it would cause further political paralysis in this country and yet more time would be devoted to this matter.
1553	Another requirement for your holiday is to remember to be patient!
1554	Another rescue took place in 1932.
1555	Another significant aide has been the secretary to the Prime Minister.
1556	Another start-up is building an app called ‘Bunk’ that acts as an intermediary between landlords and tenants with the aim of improving the rental experience.
1557	Another student seconded Ogilvie’s comments.
1558	Another two names of very good cyclists come to mind.
1559	Another year, another batch of superhero films.
1560	A notice has beyn issued in the parish of St.
1561	A notification that the ratepayer has taken up occupation of an additional property must be by way of fresh application for relief; notice of an increase in rateable value must be given in writing.
1562	An outing to Tilgate Park was the starting point for our new minibeast topic.
1563	An outline application has been submitted to build approximately 67 houses on land off Kenninghall Road in East Harling.
1564	An Oxford Geography graduate, Mr Price has extensive teaching experience and worked for seven years as a Chartered Surveyor before qualifying as a teacher.
1565	An RLSS UK lifeguard and training assessor is one of Britain’s best older workers according to People Management magazine’s top 50 workers aged over 50.
1566	Anselm Kiefer was born in Donaueschingen, a small town in Germany’s Black Forest on 8th March 1945, shortly before the end of the Second World War.
1567	Answer: This will really depend upon your personal circumstances and the business you are undertaking.
1568	AN then eventually in 1620 it’s this group that board The Mayflower and head for the New World.
1569	Anthony Browne, chairman of the British Art Market Federation says: “The art market has been a British success story.
1570	Anthony uses a builder to build an extension to his UK property.
1571	Anticipating the hardship of the post-war period, George was nonetheless troubled by the processes of nationalisation and decolonialisation which took place throughout Britain and the Empire.
1572	Anti-dementia medications aim to temporarily improve symptoms.
1573	Anti-Semitism was the only thing that held the Nazi ideology together.
1574	Anti-virus software saves you from viruses and malware programs that are out there.
1575	Antony added: “We’ve been working in partnership with the Environment Agency and Lincolnshire County Council to understand the flooding problem in this area.
1576	A number of cases have been confirmed in Chester-le-Street, Newcastle, Gateshead, Stanley, Cramlington and Darlington.
1577	A number of constituents contacted me complaining that travelling from Faversham to Estuary View was difficult and time-consuming.
1578	A number of graffiti and damage offences have been detected.
1579	A number of lawyers practising in Wales put our names to a pamphlet calling for a Welsh jurisdiction in September 2015.
1580	A number of papers report the reshuffle of Conservative members of the Government and confirmation of Jean-Claude Juncker as the European Commission President.
1581	A number of shortfalls however had been identified against the Nuclear Industry Code of Practice and the Licensee’s arrangements and an ISS rating of 4 ‘below standard’ is appropriate.
1582	A number of windows in houses nearby were smashed.
1583	A number of years ago, in one of the largest DNA screenings ever undertaken in the UK, 2,000 samples failed to produce a definitive match.
1584	An uncommon plant growing in a few moorland bogs (and very difficult to find – we stumbled upon this plant while looking for othet things!).
1585	An understatement if ever there was one.
1586	An untidy search has been made of the house and jewellery has been taken.
1587	An unusual climbing plant grown in India and Africa.
1588	An urban superstar, these low top trainers could only be from Kawasaki.
1589	A nursery is more than a place for your little one to lay their head.
1590	Anxious to move to the USA for professional reasons, he took a post at Pennsylvania University in 1923.
1591	Any application filed by email will be deemed to be an application which the court is asked to consider without a hearing, pursuant to paragraph 2.3 of the practice direction supplementing Part 23.
1592	Any assumptions about the tax position of the plans and recommendations made in this report are based on current law and HMRC (Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs) practice, which may be subject to alterations, including retrospective changes in the future.
1593	Any attempt to define 'animal welfare' immediately serves to highlight the complexities of the whole subject and the issues involved.
1594	Any business venture has its challenges.
1595	Any change of advisor/trainer assigned to the Training shall be at the discretion of NDNA.
1596	Any competent young person in the United Kingdom can consent to medical, surgical or nursing treatment, including contraception and sexual and reproductive health.
1597	Any damage incurred or deemed to have been incurred in transit will not be covered by this warranty.
1598	Any discussion on acknowledging that getting comparatively lower A level grades for students from disadvantaged backgrounds sees uproar from those who have had advantage but fear missing out.
1599	Any Field which has at least one module run with a staff attachment will have a folder in the Content Collection.
1600	Any forage containing ragwort must be declared as ‘unfit’ for animal feed, as in its dried form, ragwort is still as toxic and becomes more palatable to horses.
1601	Any further visits that are required will be charged at £43.50 + VAT.
1602	Any help would be appreciated!
1603	Any inaccurate content will be updated.
1604	Any information on this Site should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional accounting, tax, legal or other competent advisers.
1605	Any information we receive will be treated in the strictest confidence.
1606	Any lines with zero quantity will not be processed.
1607	Any loss here can impact multiple research contracts.”
1608	Any malicious activation of fire alarms will result in an imposed penalty – this may include immediate termination of the booking and eviction from the property.
1609	Any medication you take to treat a mental health problem when you are pregnant or breastfeeding would be described as 'off‑label'.
1610	Any modification to the charging schemes would be the subject of further consultation and would need to be approved by the Mayor.
1611	Any money left is then divided among the members.
1612	Any new developments in music always involve the technology at the time.
1613	"Any new initiative must build on the existing pension reform framework and modern defined contribution solutions, so that those currently being auto-enrolled can also benefit.
1614	Any news about it?
1615	Anyone caught will face prosecution and a criminal record.
1616	Anyone considering investing in them should also review their decision against the “3Ts.”
1617	Anyone else had similar issues?
1618	Any one from Miss Whitehead's class 4b?
1619	Anyone in a business role looking to improve their written communication skills.
1620	Anyone interested in finding out more is invited to contact him on 01422 844026.
1621	Anyone searching your credit file wouldn’t be able to see if you’re a guarantor on an Amigo loan, or even that you’re linked to the borrower.
1622	Anyone who enjoyed BBC Four's recent two-part documentary on American minimalism Tones, Drones and Arpeggios: The Magic of Minimalism might also like this recording of composer Steve Reich discussing his life and work.
1623	Anyone who has any information or who witnessed anything suspicious in the area yesterday, Thursday 29 October, is asked to contact the police.
1624	Anyone who has ever been camping, even if it’s just been for one night, will be aware of the importance of a good meal.
1625	Anyone who has kids this age knows that when they are happy, you are happy.
1626	Anyone who is interested in joining the band, which also plays at gala days and Remembrance services, can find more information online at www.johnstoneband.co.uk.
1627	• Anyone who needs to contact BT Openreach about the problems should email philip.
1628	Anyone who’s not come here before, you’re crazy!”
1629	Anyone who studies Politics at Warwick will have no trouble telling you that the department is proud of the support that it offers to its students; and for good reason.
1630	Anyone with an existing interest only mortgage can also find themselves unable to move unless they change to a repayment mortgage at a much higher monthly cost.
1631	Anyone with any information is asked to contact Essex Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
1632	Anyone with hair, (no matter its texture), and those without hair, can wear one.
1633	Anyone working for a local business or voluntary organisation and who would be interested in attending the meeting should contact Jackie Nash at the Nottinghamshire Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner on 07525 406883 or 0115 967 0999 ext 801 2006.
1634	Any other proposed change is acceptable and welcome as for me.
1635	Any part of the crane or mobile working platform that is on or overhanging/oversailing the highway shall be adequately lit at all times between half an hour before sunset to half an hour after sunrise.
1636	Any polystyrene used as a plastic pot, tub or tray for example a yoghurt pot, a margarine pot or food tray, can be recycled alongside your plastic bottles.
1637	Any purchases are protected by the usual UK consumer protection legislation.
1638	“Any purchasing landlord will take into account the new tax rules and work out what the property is worth based on current rents that are achievable; they will be transacted on the basis of the lower net yields as a result of the tax changes.
1639	Any questions drop us an email.
1640	Any reasonable cleaning duties will be carried out, and your specific requirements can be discussed during an initial interview which we will arrange with your allocated cleaner.
1641	Any signs of lifting, cracking or vegetation growth could cause water to seep through too.
1642	Any subsequent children born after April 2017 will not be eligible for further support.
1643	Any support or advice would be much appreciate.
1644	Any television that has a screen resolution of 1080p is full HD.
1645	Anything else you suggest before I take the next steps?
1646	Anything for fifteen minutes of fame!
1647	Anything that hinders the flow of outgoing calls negatively impacts efficiency, the customer experience, as well as staff morale.
1648	Any titles given to Harry - which will most likely include a dukedom - by the Queen will be announced by Buckingham Palace the same morning.
1649	‘Any unsupported excavation will be safe ONLY if its sides are battered back sufficiently or if the excavation is in sound rock (HSG150).
1650	Any waste that contains hydrocarbons, for example hydraulic oils or diesel, will need to be disposed of as hazardous/special waste.
1651	Anyway, a year later their travels ended at the Falcon Inn in Withernwick, a Holderness village, which in Yorkshire terms is about as remote a location as can be imagined to relaunch a top chef’s career.
1652	Anyway, I just wanted to acknowledge the interest shown, and the insights provided, by the contributors to this thread.
1653	Anyway its *hic* not er…what was I shaying?
1654	Anyway,moving forward I feel it was strongly felt lessons can be learned from this,our experiences will be put forward to the wider teams involved and hopefully some changes will be put into place for future families and patients.
1655	Anyway, now that Posh has a new manager and Canadian co-owners, the football played will be so exciting no-one will have time to look at such a view.
1656	Anyway, now that you're back on top of your debt and the fact that you have a full time job i'm quietly confident that we could help - we can;t guarantee anything unfortunately without seeing your credit profile.
1657	Anyway, now we need to bail out the banks and all this research, well it’s just a waste of money, right?
1658	“Anyway,” she went on, squelching a welly out of the mud.
1659	Anyway since the last time I was here I have moved twice had a shop, got diagnosed with fibromyalgia had to close the shop, became a nanna and am now building up my ingredients and stock so as to be able to sell online.
1660	Anywayyyyyyyyyy, as you can see from the profile below it is much harder going out than coming back, so to ensure that my effort levels are kept within the zone I use minutes per mile going out and heart rate coming back.
1661	Any work that’s already been done The programme has engaged with Unified Communications service providers prior to initiating a procurement.
1662	Any written notice required by this Contract should be sent to the address of the intended recipient shown overleaf.
1663	A one bed ground floor flat in this small block of just four flats.
1664	A one day course where you will have your eyes opened to new ways of exercise and training that involve a very versatile piece of equipment that you can take anywhere.
1665	“Aon has partnered with us on a range of benefits,” adds Snelling.
1666	Apache Song may have been out of his depth at Cheltenham in April, but James Eustace’s five-year-old bounced back in style at Fakenham and can strike again at Market Rasen.
1667	A pain crisis can sometimes be fatal, and life expectancy for someone with Sickle Cell Disease is considerably lower.
1668	A Panalytical Empyrean system equipped with Co source has been installed in the suite and is avaialble for use.
1669	A parctical design with a solid construction.
1670	A parliamentary report of 1777 recorded local workhouses in operation in Caldbeck (for up to 80 inmates) and Hayton (7 inmates).
1671	Apart from a few local boreholes, 400 metres underground containing undrinkable sulphurous water, the nearest water source is 80 kilometres (50 miles) away on the Syrian-Lebanese border and it's partially damaged due to the conflict.
1672	Apart from gaining considerable expertise in the chosen topic, students will develop and demonstrate skills in the conception and design of such a research project.
1673	Apart from that the laser treatment is harmless and safe.
1674	Apart from the commercial work, I also design applications and create music and visuals to pursue my artistic interests.
1675	Apart from this, all our working professionals have degrees to back their experience, from highly reputed institutions in the country.
1676	A participant of the BBC Radio 3 New Generation Thinkers scheme, her work on both Sultanate and Rajasthani painting has been published.
1677	A particularly fond memory was when we were in Amsterdam on holiday.
1678	Apartments perfect for weekend escape.
1679	A Partner is involved at the outset to answer questions, speak to other advisors, and guide you - whenever required and for as long as required.
1680	A partnership approach through a Team around the family (TaF) assessment with regular reviewing in place is required.
1681	A part of what makes working in the Science Museum’s curatorial team so exciting is the unexpected research journeys objects take you on.
1682	A party island and favourite of the jet set, Hvar is one of the most popular tourist.
1683	A party of Town, District and County Councillors visited the works site on 13 March and reviewed the creation of a series of new culverts and ditches to reduce flood risk.
1684	A passenger travelling in a white van remains in hospital with serious injuries.
1685	A pedestrian square outside the station, possibly with a cycle store underground?
1686	A penalty charge applies for the late return of keys and a charge is made for lost keys.
1687	A Persian cat is medium-sized and typically weights 7 to 12 pounds depending on its gender.
1688	A personal property search may be cheaper than an official search but you should take accuracy and completeness into account when making your decision.
1689	"A person may use such force as is reasonable in the circumstances in the prevention of crime, or in effecting or assisting in the lawful arrest of offenders or suspected offenders or of persons unlawfully at large."
1690	A person who is undertaking a course which would lead to the first inclusion on the register maintained under the Nurses Midwives and Health Visitors Act 1979.
1691	A PESTLE analysis can also be used as a framework for looking outside the organisation to hypothesise what may or may not happen in future.
1692	A petition filed electronically without payment of the deposit will be marked “private” and will not be available for inspection until the deposit has been paid.
1693	A petition has been set up as part of the campaign, which has called for a youth centre to be built in a larger space and with better facilities than the previous one.
1694	A pharmacist can help with uncomfortable feelings or pain.
1695	A phone call to HMRC to ask any questions is worthwhile.
1696	A pilgrimage for any technology journalist worth his salt, I recently visited the show and thought I would share a few musings on what I feel is about to change in the world of TV.
1697	A pilot study of 'Informed Choice' leaflets on positions in labour and routine ultrasound.
1698	A pity you had less than ideal weather in which to experience what for me is one of the finest areas in the Highlands.
1699	A place full of good memories for Team LP from 2013 when they finished 1 in the Team classification.
1700	A plan devised in the 1980s to convert the site into tourist accommodation has, to date, come to nothing.
1701	A plate from Curtis's Botanical Magazine which was founded by William Curtis in 1787.
1702	A platform bringing together diagnostic resources and expertise to develop new and innovative technologies to improve patient health and wellbeing…
1703	A platform for the towpath through the bridge has been constructed.
1704	A platform helping people, at any stage of their lives, learn more, do more and be more.
1705	A plot of the relative gain of an aerial or dish in various directions.
1706	A plumbed shower unit within an independent corner enclosure, dual flush low level WC and a wash hand basin.
1707	A poignant service was held on the shores of Larne this morning to mark the 65th anniversary of what has been called 'a generation’s Titanic'.
1708	A police officer told an inquest that she does not think two security guards used excessive force when they restrained a drunken man.
1709	Apologies for absence were submitted on behalf of Councillors P Jeffares, Bernie McCann, Colin Powell and John Pritchard.
1710	A polyurethane binder can also be installed prior to installing the polymeric surfacing to create a stronger surface and increase the longevity of the facility.
1711	A pop-up shop installation displaying 33-year old litter collected from the forest floor to raise awareness of the impact of littering and to show it lasts for a very very very long time.
1712	A post shared by Lee.
1713	A post shared by Tedjo.
1714	A powerful 2-litre TDI diesel engine option producing 136 PS was added in 2003 and a 4-litre W8 engine was introduced between 2001 and 2004 for a luxury four-wheel drive model.
1715	A powerful bullet in the shaft sends vibrations shooting to the tip for a sensational internal massage, simultaneously trembling the rabbit ears for intense clitoral stimulation.
1716	A powerful smell hit me as I entered Gaza a fortnight ago.
1717	Apparently he/she/they were on vacation and no cover was provided.
1718	Apparently the delivery charge is not correct via just eat but he was not willing to take my order unless I mucked about with their ordering system.
1719	Appealing to a tribunal is often the only option for a business under a material threat from HMRC.
1720	Appearing on BBC television and as a hugely successful book, Jacob Bronowski’s landmark series conveyed a highly personal vision of the evolutionary epic.
1721	Appearing on Thursday’s Lorraine, the former glamour model even revealed that nasty comments from trolls had led her to feel so depressed that she was forced to get cosmetic surgery.
1722	Apple has mastered the art of refining its models each year, putting a better chip in here, adding an upgraded camera unit there, so the iPhone 8 is exactly as you'd expect.
1723	APPLE on the other hand tried everything humanly possible to get me back working.
1724	Apple Tree Yard adapts Louise Doughty's novel, and stars Emily Watson as a geneticist who starts an affair with a man without knowing his true identity.
1725	Appliance repair services in Thornbury come in many shapes and sizes.
1726	Appliances are a modern gift choice for the fourth wedding anniversary – which will sound especially appealing to couples who don’t like fruit or flowers!
1727	Appliances are hidden in push to open pod cupboards, with a freestanding Upright Cupboard in white housing a Smeg oven designed by Marc Newson and a Silestone worktop run completing this sleek kitchen.
1728	Appliances burning with a yellow flame and/or causing staining are warning signs that the appliance may be faulty or in need of servicing and should be checked immediately.
1729	Applicants are strongly advised to read the guidance notes at the start of the application form prior to completion.
1730	Applicants should also refer to the insurance special purpose vehicles webpage for more information.
1731	Applicants should hold a BSc or equivalent in biological or chemical sciences as well as the initiative and creativity to solve routine problems in relation to the research project.
1732	Applicant Visit DaysIf you receive an offer of admission from us you will have the opportunity to visit the university before you reply to your offer.
1733	Application destroyed and details purged from database.
1734	Application for House to House Collections - Staffordshire PoliceWe use cookies to improve your experience.
1735	Application for the above position is by CV and a covering statement that must relate to the job description and person specification.
1736	Application information: Online applications will receive an acknowledgement via email.
1737	Applications are subject to a consultation period of 28 days.
1738	Applications Manager is an enterprise-ready and affordable application performance management solution that helps you manage the performance of a hybrid set of applications and servers across physical, virtual and cloud environments.
1739	Apply direct to the following Housing Associations.
1740	Apply for priority access and gain entry faster on the day.
1741	Applying a cold pack on the treated area, which is causing you discomfort or irritation, would be a great and safe way of protecting the treated area if necessary.
1742	Applying for the ABDO College Low Vision Honours course is the ideal next step for anyone with the ABDO Level 6 Diploma in Ophthalmic Dispensing (FBDO) who wants to take their low vision practice to the next level.
1743	Applying some radical thinking and mathematics we can create new personalised treatment protocols.
1744	Applying where a scheme is in wind up or an assessment period for the PPF, they represent the value of members' benefits at PPF compensation levels, plus any other liabilities and the estimated expenses of winding up the pension scheme.
1745	Apply weekly, after cleansing in the evening.
1746	Appointment is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check and two satisfactory references.
1747	Appraisals provide the opportunity to inform residents, businesses, developers, and investors about the special characteristics and needs of an area.
1748	Apprentices aged 16 to 18 and those over 19 in their first year will be able to take advantage of the new rate, with all others receiving the national minimum wage for their age.
1749	Apprentices can earn while they learn, boost their confidence in the workplace and gain the specific skills they need for their future career – giving them the best chance to fully transition in to world of work.
1750	“Apprenticeships are becoming an increasingly popular choice for young people and it’s absolutely right that disabled people are taking advantage of these opportunities.”
1751	Approaches include how we describe, assess, evaluate and improve health through policy, practice and intelligence, for example, through joint strategic needs and assets assessments and asset based community development.
1752	Approaches such as smart cities require citizens to be connected to applications, social media and websites.
1753	Approach to the property is on to an incline, block-paved driveway with parking for 2/3 vehicles, there are so.
1754	Appropriate facilities provided to either limit the ingress of smoke into escape routes or to restrict the fire and remove the smoke.
1755	Appropriate measures to protect the public will always have priority in the application of our available resources.
1756	Approximately half of the available awards will be reserved for existing (matriculated) undergraduate or postgraduate members of the College.
1757	Approximate runtime 150minutes (including any interval).
1758	Apps on your Apple mobile device generally cost more than on Android, for instance.
1759	Apps with cleverly blended smart lighting and sound menus are a simple way to kick things off – and excellent for in-store demos, too.
1760	A practical guide to the the law and policy of SEN and disability discrimination in schools.
1761	A practical overview of some of the areas advertisers need to think about when it comes to programmatic advertising.
1762	A present for Moira Salter, nee Tough, from her parents, Jack and Jean Tough when she graduated with a degree in Zoology.
1763	April 10th, 2017 - Events - Llantwit Major - Whats on - Llantwit Major TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
1764	April 17 Outspoken Norwich has joined the Ber Street Hub.
1765	April 18th, 2019 - Events - Ipswich - Whats on - Ipswich TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
1766	April 2011 name transferred to 405 Volvo Gemini.
1767	April 2016 - NAEA Propertymark This site uses cookies, to find out how By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies.
1768	April 9th, 2018 - Events - Mottingham - Whats on - Mottingham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
1769	A PRINCE2 qualification will give delegates the ability to use skills and techniques to managing projects within your organisation with common systems, procedures and language.
1770	A private benefit to trustees may arise from our ongoing training in good governance.
1771	A pro-active approach to organising work, with a positive can-do attitude.
1772	A process to work out which tribute would be the most appropriate will now begin, and residents in Cambridge will be included in the decision.
1773	A pro-European Union,(EU), anti-Brexit demonstrator holds the EU and UK flags outside the Houses of Parliament.
1774	A programme of events by Skills Development Scotland (SDS) has been touring classrooms since November, and isles schools have been included in the schedule.
1775	A Project Design was drafted and an excavation licence granted, funded by the MoD, and work continued into the 2004 season.
1776	A projection by the Charity which claims that 70% of millennials – those born between the early 1980s and the mid-1990s – will be obese by the time they reach middle age appears to confirm this.
1777	A PROJECT started by youngsters to open a community cafe in a beauty spot has reached its fundraising target, securing more than £350,000 so far.
1778	A promising social investment model, Social Impact Bonds are considered by many to be a key player in the future of charity finance.
1779	Apropos of nothing much, the BBC then adds: “He is believed to be close to current Russian President Vladimir Putin.”
1780	A provider will use the basic rate tax code (BR) for the payment, which may mean that an individual ends up paying too much or too little tax.
1781	┬áProvisions will be included in Finance Bill 2011 to ensure that companies are not treated as associated solely by virtue of (sometimes quite distant and difficult to monitor) relationships between shareholders and relatives.
1782	APSE is an experienced research body delivering research to a range of organisations.
1783	APS transform clients technology services utilising IaaS and SaaS solutions in hosting, ERP, payroll, finance and commercial.
1784	A publication scheme is a commitment to provide information to the public.
1785	“A Public Hearing will take place on 11 January at the Town Hall in Romford.
1786	A public inquiry, held at the University of ChesterRiverside Innovation Centre, has finished earlier than expected.
1787	A public meeting will take place tonight (Wednesday) to discuss the future of the current Cumbernauld Theatre building as work continues on its new home.
1788	Aqualisa Quartz Digital is neat, compact and yet packs an incredible punch.
1789	A quality internet service is an essential part of living in the modern world – not a needless luxury.
1790	A quantity of fuel has split onto the road and as a result the carriageway is closed in both directions.
1791	Aquarius can install an aluminium patio awning in Notting Hill?
1792	A Queensland-based company specialising in health and aged care recruitment.
1793	A quote is ideally two sentences, three maximum.
1794	A range of, and in some instances, very differing views were expressed in response to the survey questions.
1795	A range of butterflies and moths flutter through grassy expanses and glide along sunny rides through sunnier months.
1796	Arbitration, which is free for the consumer, but not for the tradesperson, aims to avoid loss of earnings and court costs.
1797	Arbuthnot Latham are delighted to be attending both circuits at the weekend, and although hundreds of miles and a few countries apart, our staff are all looking forward to watching the racing that we so love, with partners, sponsors, drivers and friends.
1798	Archaaeological excavations in the nave of the church, undertaken at the time of carrying out the comprehensive scheme of repairs to the fabric, confirm the supposition that the floor had been raised.
1799	Archaeological features have been uncovered and will be explained in a woodland heritage trail.
1800	Archaeological watching brief on fencing work at Bigbury Camp, Kent.
1801	Archer will be Scotland’s third choice behind Celtic's Craig Gordon and Hull City's Allan McGregor.
1802	Arches and Arbours for Aspiring Garden Designers Turnbull uses cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience and to optimise site functionality.
1803	Architectural models are central to Peter’s output – he showed me an example of his work – a detailed model of a block of apartments commissioned by a construction firm to help them market the properties before they were completed.
1804	Arctic exploration in early times.
1805	Area coroner, Yvonne Blake, said: “It was a minor angle with devastating consequences.”
1806	A reading, once started covers the whole book of 1430 pages and typically takes three days.
1807	A real insight into industrial history all set next to the peaceful River Test.
1808	A really fun, positive and worthwhile experience.
1809	Areas that should be considered (and are worth getting advice about) include –
1810	A recent delegation to KCC from the Province of West Flanders would be followed-up by a ‘match-making’ meeting between their respective Directorates to develop ideas for future joint projects in areas of mutual interest.
1811	A recently fitted wet room esk space has been created on the ground floor.
1812	A recently modernised & well presented apartment forming the ground floor of an interesting attached Edwardian property close to the centre of the village with a sea view.
1813	A recent Macmillan report says that by the end of 2016, 1000 people a day will be diagnosed with cancer, this means that even more people will be drawing on Macmillan’s support.
1814	A reciprocal arrangement between Balliol College and its sister college in Cambridge, St John’s, permits junior members from either college the use of a guest room in the other college for a fee.
1815	A reclaimed teak tabletop with lightweight brush-painted iron base.
1816	Are communities getting value for money from Developer Contributions?
1817	A recruitment fair organised by Business and Enterprise Support Thornton Heath (BESTH) was held at Selhurst Park last week.
1818	A Redbridge Council spokesman said: “We currently have sufficient school places to meet demand and are planning to address the projected shortfall in places in the future.”
1819	A REDDITCH group dedicated to cutting plastic waste are taking their campaign to the Houses of Parliament.
1820	Are dividends paid and if so, when?
1821	A reference to a document would be fine.
1822	Are fruit tuck shops in primary schools effective in increasing pupils’ fruit consumption?
1823	A regional press ad for Tesco's Price Promise featured an aubergine, pint of milk, a jar of Colman's Mustard, a bottle of Heinz Tomato Ketchup, a pot of Yeo Valley yoghurt, a jar of Marmite, a bag of plain flour and a banana.
1824	Are Girls Aloud's Cheryl and Nicola Roberts reuniting for a new single?
1825	Are large grained - magma cools very slowly beneath the Earth's surface so the crystals in the rock have a long time to grow.
1826	A relaxing place within the village where people can come together to plant flowers, grow vegetables and enjoy the views of the surrounding area.
1827	A relevant vehicle means a vehicle in relation to which a taxi or private hire car licence has been granted.
1828	A remarkable and rare country home situated within 2 miles of a future Crossrail station linking to the city of London.
1829	A reminder of the day they met their partner (14 per cent), a special day (12 per cent) or their wedding day (8 per cent) are just some of the memories music has the power to access.
1830	Are my gas appliances included for emergency breakdowns and repairs?
1831	; Are our transport systems sustainable?
1832	A replacement dirt bin seperator for the Air Living U89-MA-L upright vacuum cleaner.
1833	A report has been issued following the group’s first inquiry, which looked at the human rights situation for LGBT communities worldwide.
1834	'Are rape cases being politicised in India?'
1835	A response will be provided promptly and in any event within forty days of receiving any permissible fee, currently £10.
1836	A result of the impact Ray was thrown from his bicycle.
1837	Are there any other legal obligations I need to consider?
1838	Are there any other surprises to come?
1839	Are there any similar products or services already?
1840	Are there any ways to have an injunction annulled?
1841	Are there people you know who are mean to each other or other people online or on their phones?
1842	Are they aware of your company / brand or do you still need to gain their trust?
1843	Are they healthy for your financial growth?
1844	A retired French team want to give us the parts from their axle.
1845	Are tree seedlings growing?
1846	A return address must be shown on the envelope/box.
1847	A review of where the money is invested could make a big difference to women in varying industries, but particularly to those where many work freelance.
1848	Are you able to tell us what happens next in the show?
1849	Are you a business reporting shoplifting?
1850	Are you a carer for someone with dementia?
1851	Are you a CIPD qualified HR Business Partner keen to secure a role supporting a newly formed leadership team?
1852	Are you after a inexpensive quotation for or commercial waste disposal?
1853	Are you after a low-cost quotation for household waste disposal or loft clearance and disposal?
1854	Are you a landlord who''s tenants have absconded!
1855	Are you appealing Penalty Charge Notice (PCN)?
1856	Are you a strategic thinker excited at the prospect of managing a host of priorities in a fast paced corporate environment?
1857	Are you a Support Engineer looking to launch your career in Cyber Security?
1858	Are you a Tommy Boy in sales or a bit of a Jerry Maguire?
1859	Are you constantly degraded and picked on?
1860	Are you customer centric and motivated?
1861	Are you fed up with your classic car insurer not knowing their Maserati Mistral from their Merak?
1862	Are you fed up with your mobile?
1863	Are you great with people and have a passion for delivering exceptional customer service?
1864	Are you having problems at work and need some advice?
1865	Are You Hurting the one You Love?
1866	Are you in need of broadband?
1867	Are you interested in free training from GamCare?
1868	Are you interested in studying Art, Space and Nature - MFA/MA at Edinburgh College of Art?
1869	Are you looking for a low-cost price for garden waste clearance or household rubbish clearance?
1870	Are you looking for reliable carpet fitting services by master fitters in Oswestry?
1871	Are you looking to buy a bed in the sales?
1872	Are you looking to get back into work after a career break?
1873	Are you looking to send them a capacity list?
1874	Are you looking to work for the country's fastest growing contractor earning £10per hour?
1875	Are you missing important deadlines because of mounting administration?
1876	Are young children allowed to attend?
1877	Are you one of the 85% who think government can do more to fix this problem?
1878	Are you one of the happiest workers in the UK?
1879	Are you participating in LAWW 2018?
1880	Are you resident within West Yorkshire, but attend a school or college outside West Yorkshire?
1881	Are you taking travel times into account when considering making changes?
1882	Are you unable to attend these events but would still like to have your say?
1883	Are Zero Hours Contracts Becoming a Thing of the Past?
1884	Argyll & The Isles is one of the top places in Europe for sea kayaking, with over 3,700 km of diverse coastline indented by sea lochs and myriad islands to explore.
1885	A rich selection of items will be on display pertaining to the work of Henry Irving, his business manager Bram Stoker and his leading lady, Ellen Terry, during their time at the Lyceum Theatre between 1878 and the first years of the twentieth century.
1886	A ripple of waves surround the object as it cuts through the water, without breaking the surface.
1887	Ark Atwood Primary Academy won the Numeracy and Maths Award, being commended for their Mathematics Mastery programme, which the judges found to be "an example of a brilliant application of a brilliant programme with brilliant results."
1888	Armbands are provided.
1889	Armed Forces Personnel – You will to be allowed an additional bedroom if you have an adult son/daughter who still lives with you but is currently only absent from the family home because they are serving in the Armed Forces.
1890	Armed with these new facts we changed agents, listed and sold, Happy Days!"
1891	Arm injuries of this level of severity, such as permanent muscle/nerve damage, receive large amounts of compensation due to their long-term effect upon your life.
1892	A robust and muscular bumper with a heavy chrome grille, sharp contours, and high wheel arches make this model fit to take on a range of driver demands.
1893	Around 10 children in the UK develop primary liver tumours each year.
1894	Around 1.6 billion people worldwide live without access to mains electricity.
1895	Around 1 in 4 people in Canterbury and Whitstable will experience a mental health problem in any given year, but unfortunately, I regularly hear from many constituents who tell me they’re not getting the support they need.
1896	Around 200 Cadbury workers are on strike at the firm's Coolick plant in Ireland.
1897	Around 200 quantum scientists, engineers, mathematicians and industrial experts from around the world descended upon Bristol this week for the fifth annual Bristol Quantum Information Technologies (BQIT) workshop hosted by the University of Bristol.
1898	Around 20-30% of infected people clear their infection naturally within the first six months of infection.
1899	Around 25 people set upon Cambridge United fan Simon Dobbin and his friends following a match between Cambridge and Southend United on March 21, 2015.
1900	• Around 3,000 Northumbrian Water employees came in to work to find surprise Kit Kat chunkies on their desks!
1901	Around 450,000 unsolicited tax returns are filed every year without HMRC first issuing a paper return, or a notice to file, to the individual.
1902	Around 70 per cent of the 250 available tickets have already been sold for the show being held at Sidmouth’s Parish Church, in Church Lane, tomorrow (Saturday).
1903	“Around 80% electronic – but the vast majority links to printed articles.
1904	Around 80 teams took part and it’s the first time Hurworth School has won the county cup since 2006.
1905	A round house inside a ditched enclosure is built near the cliff edge on the Whitby headland.
1906	Around the same time of the email I lost my grandad, and still not having had closure from my friend’s death it all became too much.
1907	Around town and up to motorway speeds, the A7 offers limousine levels of relaxation and insulation.
1908	Arranging your contract hire vehicle through HTM means you and all our contracts are fully compliant.
1909	Arran Junior Triathlon Club and North Ayrshire’s Got Talent Group were unsuccessful in securing funding this round.
1910	Arrecife (Lanzarote) The most easterly island of the archipelago, it has a surreal beauty because of its volcanic terrain.
1911	Arrested and will be staying with us until court tomorrow.”
1912	Arriva enters the German bus market with the acquisition of Sippel Group – one of the country’s largest privately owned operators.
1913	Arrival of our new 2014 Brochure!
1914	Arrive in Cologne during breakfast, then disembark for a tour of Germany’s fourth largest city.
1915	Arriving at the site office, we are all issued with boots (mine were on the roomy side; if you have small feet, bring thick socks!
1916	Arriving from Ashford, do take the exit from the front of the platform but go back under the new footbridge to the end of the platform opposite the small station building.
1917	Arsenal’ by them.
1918	Arsenal v Man City: Argentine to be Citizens’ Carabao Cup HeroCitizens hitman is in outstanding form The first major trophy of the season is up…
1919	Art Fund Prize For Museums And Galleries 2008 - Long List Revealed Ten museums and galleries competing for the £100K Art Fund Prize have been announced, including the major projects of the last year, unique exhibitions and gallery rebuilds.
1920	Arthurs Proffessional Valeting Services is a car valet company offering a range of cleaning services for various vehicles.
1921	Artichoke from Ely will also be around giving advice for keeping your style up to date as you see its Autumn looks walking down the runway.
1922	Article 33: notifying personal data breaches to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
1923	Article 50(2) requires a Member State who decides to withdraw from the EU ‘shall notify the European Council of its intention’.
1924	Artisan bakers, Pink Lane Bakery will be providing hand-made Hogarth honey oat loaves to taste at the event, with Brinkburn Street Brewery also holding a tasting session of their locally brewed ales for over 18s.
1925	Artists, activists, and cultural pranksters create self-contained communities, installations and alternative realities under the curious watch of acclaimed documentary-maker Julien Temple.
1926	Artists and crafters will be demonstrating their skills and wares throughout the entire castle.
1927	Artists have supported the campaign through to the Gallery and by creating their inspired by its support for the arms trade.
1928	Artists impressions submitted in support of the bid show an abundance of green with a cafe and classroom.
1929	Artists in the area are being asked to come up with ideas on how they can temporarily transform a village telephone box for a local art festival.
1930	Artist studio space provider Second Floor Studios & Arts is a representative on the Workspace Advisory Board for the Greater London Authority (GLA).
1931	Artists will build on the strong tradition of arts in King’s Cross and involve those in the wider community.
1932	Art Over Fifties: friendly group with qualified tutor meets Monday mornings in Batemoor and Jordanthorpe Community Centre, all ability levels, beginners welcome, first lesson free, Carol: 2553881.
1933	A&R Trading South East Ltd would like to take the opportunity to be the first main distributors for Spritza.
1934	Arts and cultural organisations must begin a concerted effort to forge new alliances over the coming decade.
1935	Arts institutions across the country are joining us to take a look back at our history, and celebrate the artists and architects who have shaped the RA – and many other galleries and museums in the UK.
1936	Artwork of the late Professor pops up in commemoration of his life.
1937	Arun District Council is no longer responsible for the Broadmark Lane and Churchill Parade car parks as responsibility has now reverted back to the owners who have contracted out the operation of these car parks to a private company.
1938	Arun ladies won the league for the third consecutive year by beating Wealden in a game played at Horsham.
1939	A rustic outdoor bench, positioned in a sheltered spot, makes a welcome place to enjoy a good book or the morning newspaper.
1940	As a British Heart Foundation (BHF) professor at the Glasgow Cardiovascular Research Centre, I see first-hand how devastating heart disease can be.
1941	As a Broadacres customer, you may be eligible to buy your home under one of two schemes.
1942	As a child, holidays were in Essex.
1943	As a Church of England Primary School, part of our role is to celebrate our Christian Faith.
1944	“As a club we want to raise as much as we can for him.”
1945	As a community, we need to start getting used to towns and streets being more peaceful, and look both ways before crossing the road!
1946	“As a company firmly committed to investing in the areas where we operate, it’s important to us that we recruit local firms.
1947	"As a complement to existing mail server and client based tools, service providers need to arm themselves with network-based anti-spam defences and combat this growing form of malicious traffic."
1948	As a consequence, college students often feel that citations normally create their term paper show up even worse, as they signify that the ideas inside their paper aren’t initial.
1949	As a consequence, it's a good idea to do a little research when planning to sell a house in Guildford.
1950	"As actors you always loved to be involved in drama, so I was thrilled to be shot!
1951	As a Denplan patient at Dr Robert Rutland’s dental practice in Berkshire, former florist Andrea always visited regularly for routine dental check-ups – something that probably saved her life.
1952	As a dispute resolution lawyer I am all too aware that people are often deterred from instructing.
1953	As a family we all support and encourage each other as we increase our professional and personal networks.”
1954	A safe and happy environment for all who live and work in it - both pupils and staff (teaching and support).
1955	As a free alternative, try the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building in Shinjuku.
1956	As 'Agent for the Executors' we will act as the primary contact for all matters relating to the probate property.
1957	As agreement is reached about acceptable limits of costs, practice and outcomes and more scrutiny is applied to individual performance, it is possible that once a standard is set, everyone will simply toe the line.
1958	As a guide, in its various power outputs, the 2.0-litre diesel TDCi will allow you to pull the most mass.
1959	As a guide it includes, for example, participating in web classes and online discussion forums, watching video material and undertaking exercises and quizzes linked to programme materials.
1960	As a guide to the technical and operating aspects of the aircraft it is an indispensable reference giving the reader all the 'ins and outs' and 'nuts and bolts', and providing an accurate and informative picture of the 'Lighting from the Cockpit'
1961	As a highly visible role, your input and impact will be recognised.
1962	“As a large, experienced construction company, Laing O’Rourke were well aware of the relevant guidance on dealing with underground services.
1963	As a large proportion of heritage buildings are constructed using natural stone, Stone Heritage aims to make people more aware of this fact and the need to have available supplies of stone for future repairs.
1964	A SALESMAN has avoided jail after pleading guilty to fraud and stealing money from a Vauxhall dealership.
1965	As always in digital the week was jam packed full of fresh learnings for our team, but perhaps the one that stands out most comes from our Client Services Team and isn’t really new at all.
1966	As always the original exhibition grows as visitors come and tell us their own reminiscences or return with more photos, school certificates etc.
1967	As a majority shareholder, we can advise you on your rights and provide legal and strategic advice to ensure that your interests are protected.
1968	As a Marketing Executive, you will plan, develop and implement a range of marketing activities and campaigns.
1969	As a matter of fact DIY is good because you are pretty unlikely to get this done unless you do it yourself…………
1970	As an apprentice network engineer you’ll have the opportunity to get involved in a number of areas including testing the latest networking technology, upgrading the existing network and the planning, installing and running of network elements.
1971	As an aside, heads numbered below 50 are in Manchester.
1972	As an athlete I take this very seriously.
1973	As a national gospel movement we are pleased to be able to support the work of the gospel in Scotland, and have been very encouraged by all that Andy Hunter, our Scotland Director, has accomplished in the last year.
1974	As a Nationwide Credit Card holder you’ll also be rewarded with a commission-free allowance for all purchases made in pounds Sterling.
1975	As an Elmhurst accredited Domestic Energy Assessor you get full access to our free RdSAP software for use in existing domestic buildings.
1976	As an example, I was recently in a meeting with a very large property consultancy company.
1977	As an expert evaluator of dairy cattle with a deep knowledge of pedigrees and a passion for the Holstein breed, she is well placed to do so.
1978	As an ex-solicitor Andreá has a detailed and keen understanding and appreciation of the importance of costs issues to litigation.
1979	As an incentive we can pay your Housing Benefit directly to your landlord if they agree to reduce the rent charged to an affordable level.
1980	As an independent retailer, it can be soul destroying trying to compete with the corporate giants.
1981	As an industry, it’s not just important, but essential that restaurants and bars offer good service, so it’s also important that we promote that within the Nottingham Restaurant & Bar Awards.
1982	As an island nation, the UK has always relied on seaborne trade.
1983	As announced, we're going to have break now till September and will let you know the date as soon as we can sensibly arrange it.
1984	As an owner you’ll enjoy full access to all of Southview’s amazing facilities throughout the season.
1985	As a player, Sir Neville had observed some of the greatest conductors at close quarters.
1986	As a progressing student I can honestly say I have been challenged throughout both courses.
1987	As a proud trade unionist, I do not want to see another generation believing that zero hour contracts and poor workplace rights are the norm of working life.
1988	As a regional winner the project will now go through to the grand final – a flagship event in the industry’s calendar – which will take place in London in November this year.
1989	As a relative newbie to anal play having had a bit of experience with some smaller plugs and beads, I was looking for something to ramp up the ante somewhat, but without leaping to anything huge or too daunting.
1990	As a responsible lender, under our current policy we are unable to approve more than 1 credit card for each customer.
1991	As a result, Academy Group has been merged into Tottington Motor Company in order to streamline the business.
1992	As a result he never got anywhere near where he potentially could have.
1993	As a result, I spent several occasions with both the Excavator and Foundation subcontractors reviewing the house plans and the site prior to, and during the excavation.
1994	As a result, its two-year ISA has moved to the top of the Best Buy chart for its sector and earned a high rating.
1995	As a result, many new pensioners are likely to opt instead for drawdown schemes.
1996	As a result, Martin and Co continues to be the agents of choice within the Banbury region.
1997	As a result, Miss C's ex-husband found out her new address - and subsequently broke into her home and assaulted her.
1998	As a result, more companies than ever are enjoying actionable, data-driven insights.
1999	As a result of a complaint regarding a Council Tax billing error.
2000	As a result of all this running around, 10% have missed credit card payments.
2001	As a result of his family’s financial circumstances, Sam receives a full Cambridge Bursary of £3,500 in addition to a Winston Churchill Memorial Trust Bursary of £2,000.
2002	As a result of our work Railway Fields has been awarded the Green Flag for the past 8 years running.
2003	As a result of the 2011 tsunami disaster, all of Japan’s nuclear reactors were closed (some resumed operation in 2015), meaning there was a sharp increase in dependency on energy imports.
2004	As a result of the majority of the housing stock being close to good schools, the area is mainly family orientated with a mix of the professional thrown in. We also have many lifelong Bramhall residents, a strong indication as to the areas popularity.
2005	As a result, she didn’t drink much and had nursed a single glass of Meursault all evening, despite teasing and cajoling from the host.
2006	As a result, that parent uses the children to manipulate, control or seek revenge on the other parent.
2007	As a result, there’s more daylight in the evenings and less in the mornings – sometimes called Daylight Saving Time.
2008	As a result, this staff member was involved in a serious incident that occurred at the home and is currently being reviewed further by CQC."
2009	As a result we are currently only offering this procedure to patients over 8kg who are not overweight.
2010	As a result, wet ground conditions could hamper turn-out and delay the start of the seasonal lift in production.
2011	As a rule, necessary for counter top wash bowls or wash bowls, when the mixer is not installed directly on the ceramics, but on the wash basin (or a separate shelf).
2012	As a rule of thumb, the tipping point is usually when the object to be painted has a surface area greater than 60 m².
2013	As a rule of thumb – we use twice the volume of any pipe when we flush it.
2014	As a Sabbatical Officer you have a huge amount of responsibility and the job can be both hard work and incredibly rewarding.
2015	As a seller here are some of my hints and tips, that I have learnt along the way.
2016	As a small friendly company we have many loyal customers who enjoy staying in our properties and return year after year.
2017	As a special gift to you after purchase, Rainbow Club will dye this item to any of their top 10 colours for free.
2018	As a starting point, AbilityNet recommends that job applicants and employees generate a ClearTalents profile.
2019	As a student of the programme you will benefit from being part of a professional, research-led culture and environment, learning from experts in the field.
2020	As a student you can apply for tuition fee and maintenance loans to pay for course fees and living costs.
2021	As a supplier can I include my own terms and conditions?
2022	As at 31 December 2017, Vantage administered £82.5 billion of assets directly on behalf of private investors.
2023	As a Telephone Gateway Assessor, Andrew’s role is to answer calls that come into the Citizens Advice ‘Adviceline’.
2024	As a three-door coupé it’s built for driving fun and aimed at professionals craving a relaxing and luxurious driving experience.
2025	A satisfactory standard of casualty handling and treatment was observed.
2026	A Sat Nav helps you navigate the one-way systems and narrow streets of the island's main towns.
2027	As a trusted brand, customer confidence will increase, resulting in more traffic to your site and more importantly more paying customers.
2028	​As a VAT specialist, I am constantly being asked questions regarding the liability of certain supplies and almost always initial answer is that “it depends on the circumstances”.
2029	As a young woman, there were arguably many threats facing her in the job of a freelance journalist.
2030	As Benefits Awareness Month continues, a new survey published by Turn2us today has found that people who could be in most need of financial help in Scotland are unaware of the welfare support potentially available to them.
2031	As both the FA Cup and Varsity draw closer Jonny Dungay sits down with Jez George, Director of Football at Cambridge United and Head Coach at CUAFC.
2032	As budgets tighten, fundraising is becoming a priority for Changing Lives to enable our continued service to the vulnerable and disadvantaged people we support on a daily basis.
2033	As can be seen from Table 3, Asia is effectively at this point (China is at 0.45) and Latin America and Africa are way past it.
2034	As children, my brother and I used to play on the land behind the Daimler, which was known as the 'dumps'.
2035	As consumers, we increasingly want to know where our food comes from, how our clothes are made, and we think about the impact or what we buy.
2036	A Scottish evening to remember – if you haven’t been to one before, find out what you’ve been missing!
2037	A screen shot of the profile was sent anonymously to Merseyside Police’s Hate Crime Unit and Ms Russell was brought in for questioning.
2038	As CWP works with volunteers to deliver some of their services, they need to ensure every security measure has been taken to safeguard the visitor.
2039	As David Dee, the originator of Love Hearts sweets, realised, the most effective chat-up lines are those which are short and sweet.
2040	As did others, I found BA4 to be the hardest exam of all the exams up to BA7.
2041	As Director of Health and Social Care, Val has responsibility for a budget of circa £500m and 5000 staff (approx 3000 social care/2000 health staff) within South Lanarkshire Health and Social Care Partnership.
2042	ASD often runs in families.
2043	As Dr. Rangzeb’s Patient Care Nurse, Kaye has worked on some of the most challenging procedures within the practice, and has a wealth of experience.
2044	A season of racing at Redcar is a great present for a racing enthusiast.
2045	A second attempt to start a business trading in chillis also ended in dismal failure.
2046	A second half penalty from Jamie Vardy and a late Riyad Mahrez strike ensured it was a first win in seven home games for Claude Puel’s men as ten-man Arsenal’s dreadful away form continued.
2047	A second Margaret Anstee Fellow will be appointed in October 2019, and the Centre will also support one or more PhD and/or MPhil students.
2048	A 'secret garden' is located to the left of the drive accessed through an arched entrance within the wall.
2049	A selection of comfortable, well-equipped smaller rooms are available for meetings, workshops and video-conferencing.
2050	A self-catering villa on the Fleurieu Peninsula enjoys a diverse and interesting landscape.
2051	A Self Invested Personal Pension (SIPP) gives you control over how your retirement savings are invested.
2052	As Elsner, we are offering services since 2010 across India, USA, Australia and the UK.
2053	A semi-detached three bedroom cottage previously internally linked to 223 Railway Cottages.
2054	A senior officer independent from the original decision process will carry out a review.
2055	A SERIES of art exhibitions have been organised to take place in Stockbridge, starting this spring.
2056	A series of five short films, first broadcast on the US Logo network told the story of this unique event.
2057	A series of infrastructure projects that will enable Croydon’s growth zone to deliver a £5.25bn regeneration programme are set to be presented at cabinet on Monday.
2058	A series of three films entitled "Being Old and in Care".
2059	A serious concern is the number of girls aged five to seven killed or seriously injured is at its highest level since 2005.
2060	A service may be overwhelmed, and has the potential to be a single point of failure.
2061	A service of thanksgiving for the life of hotelier Mr Dai Waterson (87), Baronagh House, Omagh, takes place at 1pm today in St Columba's Parish Church, of which the deceased was a life-long faithful member and regular attender.
2062	A set of four reconstituted stone lid.
2063	A set of repeat measurements can be summarised by stating an average value (mean,) and an indication of the spread of values (range, average deviation).
2064	A settlor is a person who has put property into trust.
2065	As ever, Top Trumps-style comparisons are less than half the story.
2066	As everyone who has looked at the IT systems in the DWP will know, there are at least four different systems, which were designed at different times for different reasons and are not very good at talking to each other.
2067	As ever you will hear toe tapping show stoppers and witty numbers, smouldering torch songs and rousing sing-a-longs as Hope accompanies herself live on the ivories.
2068	As expected the two leading teams in the competition Mintlaw Academy and Lochs both won their opening fixtures against Kirkwall and Stromness in convincing fashion.
2069	As explained previously a therapist that has additional training besides anger management should be able to support you with more than one issue that you might present.
2070	As families get ready for the Autumn half term, Veolia (Nottinghamshire County Council’s waste management contractor) are encouraging residents to Love Food and Hate Waste.
2071	"As far as I’m concerned age is just a number and I feel I’m in the prime of my life.
2072	As far as MPVs go, this one is certainly ahead of the game!
2073	As far as possible, try to get two-piece kits instead of single piece suits - toilet breaks can get quite uncomfortable with the latter.
2074	As far as possible, you should distribute publications in a direct manner.
2075	As far as the good folk of Heptonstall are concerned - the jury is still out.
2076	As Festival Season reaches its peak, we have reams of musically minded material on our bookshelves just waiting for you to discover.
2077	As for cheap shops, there's a Farm Foods store about a minute away from Woolmanhill, which is a god-send for someone on a tight budget.
2078	As for properties below the asking price, you have a plethora of choices.
2079	As for the publication of his Facebook post in the Mozambican media, he said that he had neither authorised it nor denied permission to republish.
2080	As for the rest?
2081	As for the rest of the world, yes, there might eventually be deals that justify the existence of Liam Fox’s Department of International Trade.
2082	As fundraisers, we are always on the lookout for the next Ice-Bucket Challenge or the next World’s Biggest Coffee Morning, which have both made waves in the fundraising world in their own ways.
2083	As General Manager of Microsoft Online Services, Baylay had responsibility for the growth and development of the company's Windows Live and MSN businesses, including the recent acquisition of Multimap.
2084	As global oil reserves dwindle, the struggle to control access to them has intensified.
2085	As glycogen burns, it produces rapid weight loss which can only be short-term.
2086	As gorgeous as the dress itself will be, make sure you put some extra money aside in case of any alterations especially if your gown has a really intricate pattern or lace stitching that can be hard to alter.
2087	Asha and Sonja were so pleasant and helpful.
2088	As has already been said, this propensity to wind up his protectors the Chinese alone suggests he is severely lacking in essential common sense.
2089	Ashcroft has tried to rationalise his tax avoidance by stating that everything he has done is legal and each of the Panorama documentaries concerning his affairs have been widely discredited.
2090	Ashe Construction, RG Carter Building, and GF Tomlinson have demonstrated their extensive local knowledge and demonstrable experience of working collaboratively to deliver a range of public sector projects.
2091	A sheltered paved courtyard is ideally suited to outdoor dining and BBQ's.
2092	A shepherd and his sheepdog move a flock through the village of Slaidburn.
2093	Ashes into Glass Jewellery is exquisitely handcrafted by James Watts, Bill Rhodes and their team at Barleylands Glassworks in Billericay, Essex.
2094	As he tried to make the most of it, he investigated the local flora and found Actinidia deliciosa, now known throughout the world as 'Kiwi Fruit'.
2095	As histology patterns vary depending on different tissue types, it is typically necessary to adapt and optimize segmentation algorithms to these tissue type-specific applications.
2096	Ashley Lodge Residential Home is a retirement home providing residential and other facilities for senior citizens.
2097	Ashley Smith, Deputy Head of Planning, welcomed questions and comments relating to housing from members.
2098	A short and fast race in which athletes can choose between Classic or Skate technique to cover a course of up to 1.8km.
2099	A short pull up onto the hill fort of Craig Phadrig (Patrick’s Rock) itself is rewarded with fantastic views across Beauly Firth.
2100	A short while later an alarm was activated at a home in Moretons Court, Pitsea.
2101	A Show of Hands is a photographic exhibition by photographer Tim Booth, studying the hands of artists, musicians, labourers and artisans.
2102	Ashtead Common Estate Team Volunteers meet every Monday at 10am at the Ashtead Estate Office.
2103	Ashville Aggregates offer waste management service to the entire construction industry.
2104	Asian Wedding Hair in Sheldon - Raks Bridal - Enjoy exploring our site.
2105	Aside from making suggestions for improvement, you’ll also receive a very helpful video playback file.
2106	Aside from sunshine, what should we keep our fingers crossed for!
2107	Aside from that, the external kitchen area and nearby fire pit made our personal clearing in the woods look like a fantasy tale.
2108	Aside from this, it is an effective way to reduce your household costs as caring for a mother and kittens is becoming increasingly expensive.
2109	Asides from an assortment of attractions, Bury St Edmunds is also home to a rich and fascinating heritage just waiting to be explored.
2110	A signal box was sited on the west side of Crouch End Hill to control all movements in and around the station.
2111	A significant number of the genes show higher similarities to genes of vertebrates than to those of other fully sequenced eukaryotes.
2112	A significant part of the day was given over to discussion groups where local situations, encouragements and needs could be shared.
2113	As I got indoors my wife told me that some water was dripping from the attic.
2114	As I have already said, the Government have done a great deal to speed up and improve the process of examining those claims.
2115	As I have said, we are learning from experience.
2116	A Silk Heritage Trust spokeswoman said yesterday said it had been forced to choose between a reduction of service or developing a national service because of rising costs.
2117	As I mentioned about business cards early, the first click on the website is many people’s first impression of your business.
2118	A similar pattern has been observed in legislation introduced in “developed” countries such as Norway, Sweden, France, Spain and New Zealand, allowing 85 dB(A) for an eight-hour day with an exchange rate of 3 dB(A).
2119	A Simply Business survey earlier in 2017 found that 98 per cent of tradesmen are worried about tool theft, and with good reason.
2120	A simply sleek, modern bed frame.
2121	As Imran, Yasmeen and Alya try their best to stop Zeedan from giving up especially as the restaurant is taking off, Rana begs him to change his mind about leaving.
2122	As in any large organisation, we hold a great deal of information in a range of formats.
2123	As individuals, we vary widely in the level of our thinking skills, or ‘
2124	As in earlier scandals such as Matrix Churchill and the Iraqi supergun, there is a clear impression that parts of the civil service were pursuing their own agenda.
2125	As informed by the manager of a Gorleston eating establishment, this is current company policy - supposedly at the insistence of the head chef - on health and safety grounds.
2126	A single licence key allows up to five installations.
2127	A single storeyed house at Chapra (Bihar).
2128	As interactive mapping are graphics intensive, the map data cannot be presented in an accessible format.
2129	As in this country in the USA I did not see a single policeman on the beat.
2130	As I said earlier, we must ensure that the system is fair, because tax evasion and aggressive tax avoidance irks people.
2131	As I said last week on housing and, before that, on the energy price cap, I am a critical friend and a supporter, rather than a member, of this Conservative Government.
2132	As ISAs are tax free, consumers who have received compensation for an ISA will not be affected.
2133	As is common to most if not all categories under the new Rule.
2134	As is invariably the case when a new Head Teacher is appointed, there tends to be a movement of some of the established staff.
2135	As I sit writing this, I’m a little dismayed at just how quickly my year as the EIFF.
2136	As it is easy to see, this task requires an experienced and a trained hand.
2137	As I told you, I wrote a guitar concerto a month ago I orchestrated it myself.
2138	As it stands, Section 40 offends natural justice, and it is this fact that adds power - and some public sympathy - to their argument.
2139	As it turns out they were feathered, brightly coloured and didn’t roar but made a cooing sound.
2140	As it was, no letters were sent out for 14 years.
2141	As I walked through our Lobby I heard Government Whips saying, “You do not need to vote on this.”
2142	A six-speed manual as well as six- and seven-speed automatic transmissions can be optioned.
2143	Ask at your GP surgery about local services to help you move more.
2144	Asked about how the project of unifying the crown and magistrate courts would work in practice, the LCJ admitted that this was an incredibly difficult, long term project.
2145	Asked if this would be her last Olympics, she said: "Possibly" and said she would go away to spend time with her family before making a decision.
2146	A skilful puppeteer can operate the puppet in time with the vocalist’s dialogue or song, bringing the puppets alive.
2147	Asking departments who have persistently failed to do this to now come up with solutions is not at all acceptable.
2148	Asking where it was, she said on the lounge window sill.
2149	Ask them what their procedure is for end of contract charges.
2150	Ask your accountant if your personal circumstances mean you would benefit from such a change.
2151	“Ask your band to give you their version of your song so you can practice at the right speed.”
2152	Ask your butcher to allow two cutlets per person.
2153	A sleep disorder is simply put, a problem sleeping.
2154	A slew of recent data suggests that a recovery in the UK economy is gathering pace.
2155	A slick gear-change allows you to make the most of the performance on tap although our demonstrator was a bit slow off the mark.
2156	A slim 7.5mm body covered in a mix of solid scratch-resistant glass and single sheet of aluminum with a silky smooth matte finish might not drastically set the P Smart apart from anything else on the market, but it looks very appealing all the same.
2157	As long as it conforms to our quality standards our sales team will make you a reasonable offer.
2158	As long as the car has Category 2 security status, adding an alarm with the above facets from Category 1, the car can be upgraded to group 2/1, potentially lowering your vehicle insurance premiums.
2159	As long as you have a UK licence, are on the electoral roll and can prove your income we should be able to gain an acceptance.
2160	As long as you understand that compromise is necessary and that you can disagree with positions only after you've done everything you can to understand them.
2161	A small casino will be able to offer casino games, betting and up to 80 gaming machines in any combination of categories B1 to D (except B3A lottery machines) provided that a maximum ratio of 2:1 gaming machines to gaming tables is met.
2162	A small indoor caddy to store your food waste and a larger one to keep outdoors.
2163	A small majority (56%) of employers report that they are currently having difficulty filling vacancies in their organisation; this is up from four in ten (40%) employers in the Autumn 2015 LMO report.
2164	A small number of vehicle types which are currently exempt from the LEZ would also be exempt from the ULEZ charge.
2165	A small stock which includes general reference books, information related to the University of Cambridge, information on grants and research funding, postgraduate information and language dictionaries.
2166	As many in the Chamber will be aware, mis-selling has caused many unnecessary insolvencies across the country, with simply devastating consequences for individuals and their families.
2167	As many people as possible should be able to give the presentation and welcome new staff.
2168	As may compact it more.
2169	As members of staff develop and take on new roles or responsibilities they may apply to have their posts to reflect these changes.
2170	As Microsoft Excel is part of the Microsoft Office suite, applications like Microsoft Access and Microsoft Word can "talk" to each other and to Excel and make use of each others' capabilities.
2171	As MiniDUE exclusively uses a liquid to provide protection, MiniDUE guarantees that no sludge or residue build up will occur thus ensuring your boiler operates at maximum efficiency.
2172	As more manufacturers seek smart, adaptable automation in industries such as plastics, packaging, metal fabrication, electronics and automotive supply chain, they are increasingly turning to Sawyer to address labor shortages and improve efficiencies.
2173	As Mosaic Hair Studio was in the process of fitting out their salon with a new layout and equipment it was important to highlight this on the website using high-quality imagery.
2174	As much as anything, though, the Wildcats Centres are about bringing social skills to young girls from the ages of 5-11, as Sarah Wood, Football Development Manager at Sheffield and Hallamshire FA explains.
2175	As much as we're keen for a hard worker, we also know how to have fun - you'll find it difficult to get through a day without having a laugh.
2176	‘As necessary as tax is, it’s the payment of tax that people need to address.
2177	As Needham struggled to gain early momentum on Saturday, the visitors took a ninth minute lead when Kershaney Samuels crossed from the left, and with his back to goal, Dan Bennett cushioned the ball on his chest, turned and fired home.
2178	As noble Lords will know, the EHRC enjoys an “A” status as a national human rights institution.
2179	“As noted in the Wales Audit Report, single people account for half of all homelessness applications across Wales, and in Caerphilly this is no different.”
2180	A social outdoor walking group.
2181	As of 15 February 2016, consumers who have a problem with a trader regarding a product or service they bought online can attempt to settle disputes out-of-court through an Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) procedure.
2182	As of January 2016, the National Institute of Clinical Excellence (NICE) stopped supporting DUETS.
2183	As often happens, there was a problem.
2184	A solicitor representing the defendant said his client had been offered a fixed penalty but couldn’t take it up because he had lost his licence.
2185	A Solo Exhibition with local artist Kate Lycett at Heart Gallery, The Arts Centre, 4a Market Street, Hebden Bridge.
2186	As one of DVLA’s Service Managers what are your responsibilities?
2187	As one of the leading tile suppliers in the East Midlands, we are so pleased to offer you a fantastic selection of tiling products.
2188	A sophisticated and extremely functional handbag in three different colors, each bag has an external pouch with contrasting colour details: Acero and Ruby; Ruby and Sabbia; Blu Ginepro and Acero.
2189	As opposed to buying or leasing actual office space, you can instead opt for a virtual office.
2190	ASOS are offering an array of tassel-tastic delights, and with great discounts available, you can rock this look for less.
2191	As our offender has a mobile phone he agrees a 12-month instalment payment plan to be paid via his mobile phone bill.
2192	A spacious apartment situated in the heart of the town centre with the advantage of three bedrooms.
2193	A spacious garage to let within the popular Grayling Court Development.
2194	A spacious, second floor apartment offering two bedrooms, en suite facilities to the master bedroom and spacious accommodation.
2195	As part of an ongoing commitment to improving our housing stock 56 tenants in the Harpur’s Hill area are getting new kitchens at a cost of £258,608.
2196	As part of its ongoing commitment to the FM profession and its members BIFM has commissioned research by independent consultants 3edges, to explore how well equipped the FM profession is to support the future world of work.
2197	As part of our extensive UK coverage we offer various car hire stations in Aberdeen, including airport and railway station locations.
2198	As part of our massive range of used cars from five different manufacturers, we sell good quality used Ford Mondeo Vignale cars.
2199	As part of our massive range of used cars from five different manufacturers, we sell good quality used Nissan Qashqai cars.
2200	As part of that function, this Bill will retain the existing body of EU animal welfare law in UK law, ensuring that the same protections are in place in the UK following our EU exit.
2201	As part of the administration and secretarial, IT, marketing, credit control or HR support teams, your contribution to the firm will be valued and you will be given the prospect to take on more demanding roles and work as your career progresses.
2202	As part of the agreement, hedgehog lab will play a major role in the provision of digital initiatives at the 2018 NWG Innovation Festival.
2203	As part of the Enabling Diversity project, this website follows the 1934 Wordie Expedition to Greenland and Baffin Island, Canada and features objects and photographs from the Museum’s collection.
2204	As part of The Friends of Birzeit University's 40 anniversary programme, you are invited to a special event chaired by UCU president Dr Joanna de Groot on 24 May at Institute of Education (UCL).
2205	As part of the MetroBus M3 launch, passengers will be offered 13 days of free travel - with the service meant to be running every 20 minutes daily between 6am and 7pm, and then every half hour until 9pm.
2206	As part of the venture, three Sobell staff members obtained Level One and Two training certificates from an ABA course to coach and assist in the delivery of the sessions.
2207	As part of the works the layby to the east of the southbound carriageway approaching Thinford roundabout has been permanently closed.
2208	As part of this, specialist technical assessors evaluated all the elements of the laboratory that contribute to the production of accurate and reliable test or calibration data.
2209	As part of this, we work with our customers to understand opportunities for delivering multi-approach (bundled) and integrated solutions.
2210	As part of UK Athletics’ ongoing commitment to provide a safe sport, anyone who has witnessed either an accident or near miss is asked to complete a short online report.
2211	As part of your accommodation contract with Manchester Met, there are a series of terms and conditions.
2212	A special event highlighting the excellent care and support available to adults with learning disabilities in was held on Friday to mark National Learning Disability Week.
2213	A special exhibition telling the story behind the Battle of Manchester Hill.
2214	A specialist joinery designer for country houses (and traditional town houses) established by managing director Bruce Hodgson in 1990.
2215	A special mention must go to their gargantuan sausage rolls as well as their exceedingly comfortable chairs.
2216	A special thanks for our Best Man's girlfriend who had her entire meal made personally for her due to allergies.
2217	Aspirin contains salicylic acid, which helps to exfoliate the skin, but, of course, it’s no good taking it orally.
2218	Aspiring builders will spend the morning going behind-the-scenes alongside a Master Builder, to carry out morning model checks before the park opens.
2219	As plans and proposals for the ELE progress, further public engagement will be undertaken, with the next stage including consultation by the council on a detailed planning application for ELOR later in the summer.
2220	As pointed out, I have also found that having a marketing strategy in place helps immensely, and gives you a sense of direction.
2221	A spokesman for BCA told What Van? a number of factors were responsible for this trend, “including increased daily rental activity reaching the used sector, and BCA winning and retaining fleet and lease business, which tends to have a younger profile”.
2222	A spokesman for business group the Muswell Hill and Fortis Green Association (MHFGA) said: “Our primary concern is to ensure the development enhances the town centre.
2223	A spokesman for Cambridge University Hospitals has now confirmed the Trust was "not looking at" any such scheme.
2224	A spokesman for Interpol confirmed to the ECHO there was a valid Red Notice for Gold.
2225	A spokesman for Lancashire Police confirmed they were called to the scene at around 8.45pm on Sunday.
2226	A spokesman from GTR added: “GTR was established in 2014 to help deliver a major modernisation programme for the most congested railway in the UK.
2227	A spokesman from Ladbrokes Coral confirmed to the Recorder that work had began this week and they are hoping work will be completed for Christmas and New Year racing.
2228	A spokesperson for NHS Forth Valley stated yesterday (Wednesday) the area’s public health representatives had not had anyone contact them with any health concerns about the site as yet.
2229	A spokesperson says: “It is puzzling that while the value of maths is recognised in a future education system, design and technology are not.
2230	As previously mentioned, there are a number of different promotions offered by bookmakers, which are available to both new and existing customers.
2231	As providers of caravan insurance we know all too well the damage winter can ca…
2232	As regards theoretical analysis, there was no support for the hypothesis that the EFT measures a general ability to resist distraction from dominant stimuli.
2233	As rheumatic fever can cause so many different symptoms, a checklist known as the "Jones Criteria" is used to help diagnose it.
2234	As Rob mentions, we have 250 cubes to give away.
2235	As Royals cut back, will the Princes stay off the piste?
2236	Assess key marketing communication tools and techniques including advertising, direct mail, public relations and sales promotion, as well as personal selling.
2237	Assessment by a three-hour written paper.
2238	Assessment Period - Turn2us You are now leaving the Turn2us site.
2239	Assessment will be delivered through written assignments, practical interpreting scenarios, practical translation tasks, team and/or individual projects, and final examinations.
2240	Assess the road ahead as much as possible to avoid unnecessary braking and acceleration, which increases the amount of fuel you use.
2241	As several research studies have shown, bilingualism provides advantages in communication, culture, cognitive development, character, the curriculum and employment.
2242	As she went to sit down on her seat at the reception, the seat collapsed beneath her and caused her to fracture her hip.
2243	As shown in the picture below, the specially developed sound absorbing barrier is attached to fencing panels around the works and can achieve up to 30 decibel noise reduction.
2244	As sigma levels increase, the cost of poor quality decreases and profitability increases.
2245	Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “These are two wholly unacceptable examples of our officers being assaulted in the line of duty.
2246	• Assist with and develop reporting from Sage X3.
2247	Associate Professor Skirmantas Kriaucionis was interested in science-fiction – particularly the works of Jules Verne.
2248	As somebody who uses the rail service from Colchester to London Liverpool Street, I ask the Secretary of State, on behalf of my commuters, to include Greater Anglia in his roll-call of those companies that will get new rolling stock.
2249	As soon as a colleague told me about them, I’d turned over in my mind the possibility of using them as the centrepiece for an exhibition here in the Whipple Museum of the History of Science.
2250	As soon as a we receive a customer's termination letter/fax, we set the account to be closed 7 days after the date we process the request.
2251	As soon as the sale is agreed, both the Vendor and purchaser will need to instruct a solicitor.
2252	As soon as you go into that area of the garden, it's like a tropical wilderness.
2253	"As stated in our recent manifesto, it is necessary to re-establish a route-to-market for the least-cost technologies to minimise customer impacts".
2254	As Steve Ward from UWE Bristol says, it's as easy as 1-2-3.”
2255	As students go back to their universities for the new academic year this month, we thought we would take a look at the contribution that they made to the war effort.
2256	As such, 123 Reg will not be liable for any loss of data or other consequences of such action.
2257	As such, a Border Collie may be slightly larger or smaller and weigh a little less or more than stated in their breed standard.
2258	As such, as I have said before, local government is the frontline of our democracy and deserves the resources it needs to do its job and to deliver truly world-class services.
2259	As such, Mr B complained services had failed to provide the support his Care Act assessment identified he needed.
2260	As such, the contractor is not subject to supervision, although it is of course acceptable that the client checks the work has been completed to the client’s satisfaction and within agreed deadlines.”
2261	As such the cost of owning a used model is surprisingly low, in spite of its impressive capabilities.
2262	As such, they'll have to be extra prepared to show all they earn and have earned for the past two/three years.
2263	As such, we also recognise that our social enterprise clients are looking for an approach that matches the innovative and collaborative nature of their venture.
2264	As such, we are able to attain some of the highest quality cars that come us and others in the network through part exchange deals.
2265	As such, we know she will bring a great energy and drive to a key area of growth for us - women's and girls' rugby."
2266	Assure them that there’s no way you can proceed successfully without their help.
2267	A statement of affairs released today as part of the liquidation process shows that staff are owed £41,000 as preferential creditors in arrears and holiday pay, and another £108,000 as general creditors.
2268	A statement released by Amy’s mother, on behalf of her family, said: "Amy was a fantastic, funny, beautiful and caring girl.
2269	A ‘Stay Clean Drawer’ on this model uses jets of water to rinse away any excess detergent.
2270	A steep path brought us down from the peak of Lewesdon through the beechwoods, with glimpses between the silvery trunks out west to the top of Pilsdon Hill, flattened and spectacularly embanked by the Durotriges tribe more than 2,000 years ago.
2271	As tends to be the trend with many of the premium German car manufacturers, the list of optional extras available with the Audi A4 is long, and potentially quite expensive.
2272	A Steve Collins penalty reduced the arrears, but the hosts went on to lead 12-3 thanks to Josh Barton’s try, Jonny Bentley adding the extras.
2273	A STEVENTON resident who has been chairing negotiations over the…
2274	As the A46 traffic comes into view in the distance turn left off the current track and go through a kissing gate (GR 730703).
2275	As the Asian economies developed, countries like Japan became major sources of outbound tourism with accompanying impacts on Western retail practices, especially with regard to fashion and luxury.
2276	As the band reference in the sleeve notes to the album it's a very good effort from three Midlanders.
2277	As the Chinese Year of the Dragon approached I began to think about some of the things we learned about China and its connection with Shakespeare in the last few months.
2278	As the data collector, we may collect any personal information from visitors to this site.
2279	As the day neared, I tried on my new shooting attire several times and practised dry mounting my new gun.
2280	As the days finally get warmer after a long winter, let nature put a spring in your step this May half-term and make the most of the school holidays in the great outdoors.
2281	As the ferry leaves Kennacraig it follows the unspoilt shores of West Loch Tarbert.
2282	As the Financial Controller you will be hands on in aspects of the firms operations, there is already a small and well experience team in place.
2283	As the first mainstream insurance company to provide Life Cover for people with HIV, we cover up to £250,000 for a maximum of ten years.
2284	As the first son of dual Champion Sire Snitzel to stand in Europe he offers breeders in the northern hemisphere the chance to access one of the most sought after sire lines in the industry.
2285	As the flow reduced it was only able to carry smaller pieces of gravel downstream, which gently and steadily accumulated in the pothole and began to fill it in a very even fashion.
2286	As the future young mayor, I would like to receive constructive feedback and new ideas from voters through regular meetings and social media.
2287	As the group heads up river, the variety of uses is clear.
2288	As the investigation progresses, a further hearing will take place on matters including the internet industry’s response to online child sexual abuse.
2289	As their popularity rose, more expensive designs incorporating wildlife were produced.
2290	As the Leader of the House is aware, Public Works Loan Board funds can be used by local councils to borrow money at a very cheap rate.
2291	As the light faded and the floodlights reached full power the Andover forwards started to put a greater proportion of their moves together and an away goal looked more likely.
2292	As the name would suggest, multivariate testing involves analysis of multiple variables to uncover the best potential outcome.
2293	As the NPCC lead for LGB&T issues, I will continue to work closely with fellow chief officers and partner organisations such as Stonewall, the Crown Prosecution Service and the EHRC in order to help promote equality."
2294	As the path turns to the left you will see two gates.
2295	“As the population ages, we all face the risk of one day developing dementia but with the right support people with the condition can continue to do the things they love and lots, lots more.”
2296	As the race went on Fabien was having a good battle with Coulon for the second place with Loic in fourth.
2297	As the saying goes, find a job you love and you'll never work again!
2298	As the Second World War looms over them all, Saffron and Gerhard's worlds will collide – but will there be more to unite them than tear them apart?
2299	As the son of a keeper, Tim’s future was always going to be in shooting.
2300	As the St Paul’s Cathedral website evolves we will seek to incorporate more of these customisations within the structure of the website.
2301	As the Summer now edged towards Autumn, the clock was ticking to find a suitable fillies maiden for Glacier Point to win.
2302	As the sun rose early on Saturday both boats departed their anchorage embarking on the 13-hour crossing.
2303	As the UK's second largest retailer in this sector, they offer the latest styles and trends when it comes to everyday items at fantastic prices.
2304	As the world moves online, people demand instant communication from the credit card sized devices in their pocket.
2305	“As the world’s most famous and best horticultural event, RHS Chelsea is the perfect place to celebrate both Alan’s and RHS Britain in Bloom’s 50th Anniversaries.”
2306	As they attempt to find the stone, their journey takes them into another world that is both strange and frightening!
2307	As they had done seven days earlier, they finished strongly.
2308	As they had when they finally found their feet at Watford, Newcastle were concentrating their attacks down the right, minimising Kenedy’s impact on the final game of his loan from Chelsea.
2309	As they react a low concentration of unstable radicals are formed, capable of reacting billions of times faster than molecules.
2310	As they said you are guaranteeing them you will keep up with the payments as you are using your house as security if that makes sense?
2311	As they stand, the latter procedures are guaranteed to ensure that thresholds are not met.
2312	As they travelled along the road, they came to some water and the eunuch said, ‘Look, here is water.
2313	As things stand, the UK is incredibly reliant on gas, especially when it comes to heating homes.
2314	As this allowance can only be spent on a school dinner, extra cash added into the system can also be used for break time snacks.
2315	As this is still a live procurement, we are not able to communicate with suppliers on this or any other issue except through the eSourcing portal.
2316	As this is the final edition of Marhofn, the table format remains the same as previously.
2317	As this racking moves along rails, it is important that the objects and their packaging are secure, so that the movement does not affect the objects stored within them.
2318	A sticker-collecting scheme to help prepare Year 6 pupils for their transition to secondary school gets underway in Chiltern and South Bucks districts on Monday 16 April.
2319	A stile in the hedge ahead takes you out onto Speldhurst Road.
2320	As time progressed for me, the amounts and chaos in my life increased.
2321	As to balance, this proposed new committee appears to be just as Europhile as its predecessors.
2322	AST offers the highest standard of Technical Authoring and documentation services in the UK.
2323	As to my second picture, you have asked if ever choirboys in churches in which I have served ever did this during my sermons, finding Dennis the Menace or Beryl the Peril more interesting than Moses or Joana?
2324	Aston Martin’s definitive GT – the acclaimed DB11 – looks inherently right, yet utterly different.
2325	Aston Villa take on Leeds United in a vital clash in the Championship, while Braga and AZ Alkmaar will both be looking to maintain their place near the top of their respective leagues.
2326	As to pictures, black long hair male rabbit.
2327	A store can decide to have a top only mannequin or a bottom only mannequin depending on what product they want to emphasize and show the customers.
2328	A storm porch leads into the entrance hall providing access to the living rooms and kitchen as well as a convenient guest WC located beneath the stairs.
2329	A story of 4 ordinary women facing the closure of their community pit.
2330	A stream for T20 matches is included as a benefit for all our adult ‘Blast Pass’ season ticket holders.
2331	A stripped-back, minimalist header replaces the convoluted headers so often used on the web, with white space guiding the user’s eye every step of the way.
2332	A study carried out on Dun, one of the St Kilda islands, in 1999 found 45,000 pairs of petrels – yet by 2003 the number had halved and then ongoing population decline was confirmed in a further study in 2006.
2333	A study has found that a single microRNA – one of the thousands of molecules that make up the human genome – is responsible for coordinating much of the body’s motor activity and, by extension, could play a key role in the development of epilepsy.
2334	A study of more than 2,000 women carried out by Huggies found that one in three mums had fallen out with a close friend or family member over how to raise their children, with potty training being the topic most likely to touch a raw nerve.
2335	A stunning three bedroom, two bathroom, newly built duplex apartment in a prime Ealing location.
2336	A stylish apartment in this sought after development with communal gym and swimming pool.
2337	A subsequent press run of an edition of a book.
2338	A suggestion that item be deferred so as to provide Members a further opportunity to ask agent some questions was noted.
2339	A summary of statistics about woodland and forestry in Great Britain.
2340	A superb block and defensive rebound from Cory Dixon was to follow, and Robinson made the most of it to put the Lions back into double figures.
2341	A superb rear garden generously stocked with a selection of plants, flowers and shrubs with paved terrace and winding pathways leading to a vegetable plot to the far end of the garden.
2342	A super sized one bedroom apartment on the 1st floor of this well maintained building in Kensington, benefiting from a glass lift and private gardens.
2343	A super stylish entrance to the marquee of Old Bridge- Big balloons, pretty ribbons and sugary pastels- we love.
2344	A support group for anyone affected by gullet cancer (also known as oesophageal cancer) to come together, share experiences and ask questions.
2345	A supportive base for the memory foam.
2346	A surplus of fee income against the ’s actual costs may result in a credit to making payment and a shortfall may necessitate a call for additional fees.
2347	A surprise result was this collection of Jacobs novelty biscuit tins from the 1930s which, after several telephone bids and many bids online, sold to a determined phone bidder for £1,950, far surpassing its estimate.
2348	A surprise was that the cool looking DS 3 (the chic offshoot of Citroen) only managed a three star rating.
2349	A surrogacy agreement, or surrogacy contract, is a document that sets out the arrangements for the surrogacy.
2350	A survey carried out by the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) has suggested that UK infrastructure is ‘less reliable’ for businesses when compared to five years ago.
2351	Aswan is located in the Seth region of the comet – a corner of the main body of the comet.
2352	As we age, the skin loses its elasticity which appears in saggy and droopy skin.
2353	As we all know, I’m currently on a fitness journey in a bid to get to a size and weight that I’m happy and comfortable with.
2354	As we all know, natural slate is revered for its ability to preserve the architectural integrity of a building.
2355	As we are a party shop we also decorate and deliver balloons for all those special occasions.
2356	As we catch a cab into town, I am immediately struck by the sheer scale of the Chinese boom.
2357	As we do practically everything at our factory including making our own double glazed units, it was a pleasure being able to show off exactly how a quality conservatory is made!
2358	As we had arrived at the Fete de l’Alpage, we had been treated to the spectacle of men dressed as clowns and knights, slaloming down the grassy slopes of the French Alps in Le Chinaillon on skis with wheels.
2359	As we have seen every night in our local news and in our newspapers, schools are closing and having to pay off teachers and so on and so forth.
2360	As well as acquiring knowledge and skills in the subjects of the school curriculum, school leaders and teachers want much more for their pupils.
2361	As well as being proud of the awards for the parks we work in, it’s fantastic to see that 1,582 other spaces across the UK have achieved this accolade, showing that more and more spaces across the UK are being cared for and used by communities.
2362	As well as developing full design concepts and art working the whole document Fred also works with advertisers to develop their content and offer additional design support where needed.
2363	As well as enjoying light that tracks your vision, there won't be any lamps to remove when you park: they're on your helmet!
2364	As well as from emails, malware can come from pop-ups.
2365	As well as general improvements, the police may have improved their identification of which offences are domestic abuse-related and more victims may be coming forward to report these crimes.
2366	As well as increasing the number of the College’s buildings, we have been able to develop and to improve them: the next few years will see a huge programme of works on the Mitre and on the front of the NatWest building.
2367	As well as information about what you need to provide to ensure you can rent the property you want.
2368	As well as lots of fun it has been a good opportunity for encouraging kindness and thoughtfulness.”
2369	As well as maintaining your garden, you must keep it free of rubbish at all times.
2370	As well as our amazing destinations we offer a great range of holiday types from multi-centre vacations, cruise & stay, all-inclusive holidays, honeymoons, safaris, escorted tours and much more.
2371	As well as producing their own shows like Pride and Prejudice and Talking Heads, the company uses drama as a way of working with groups like older people, teenagers and young people with disabilities.
2372	“As well as providing a safe organised environment for people to enjoy the evening”.
2373	As well as providing inspiration for Selfridges window displays, the department store has paired with brands, modern poets and musicians and RADA alumni to create a host of content.
2374	As well as reducing the cost of the service, this will lessen the environmental impact and help alleviate morning rush-hour traffic.”
2375	As well as seven bedrooms, there are seven bathrooms, a communal garden shared by about 20 houses, an attic, wine cellar and a large gravel carriage driveway.
2376	As well as showcasing art, the new look also aims to turn the building into a community social hub, where “people want to stay longer after performances,” Myerscough says.
2377	As well as taking time to pick stylish and sanitaryware, spend some time on the colour scheme you will use.
2378	As well as the eleven arrests officer also seized six vehicles and a quantity of cash under the proceeds of crime act, they included a BMW 530, a Subaru Impreza and a AMG Mercedes.
2379	As well as the financial impact, your calculations should alsoconsider any indirect effects.
2380	As well as the gargantuan 860kg spherical Death Star model, the scene will also feature 16 Alliance ships swooping to destroy it with sound and light effects triggered by guests.
2381	As well as the seven wickets shared between Keen and Baumann, Aaron Wyatt picked up 2-9 off his three overs while overseas Kellon Carmichael claimed a wicket.
2382	As well as this we have a large range of skills development and training on offer for all students.
2383	As we move forwards to a new relationship with Europe and the rest of the world, we have a unique opportunity to shape future animal welfare policy and ensure the highest standards in every area, including the welfare of animals in transport.
2384	As we noted above, these moves may run further as the excessive anti-dollar sentiment continues to unwind.
2385	As we only a small team of advisors, we don’t cover every area of law, but we’re here to act in our clients best interests.
2386	As we run services to Wembley Stadium station, we need to accommodate extra numbers of passengers.
2387	As we seek to live and to love authentically for Jesus then blessing will flow – this is certainly our experience in Buckhaven.
2388	As we start a New Year, why not grab an opportunity to get out onto the route and explore a section of the Cleveland Way.
2389	As we wind down for the festive break, that’s a sign for the nation’s burglars to step up their activities.
2390	As we work through these proposals with stakeholders we will keep followers of this update informed as to progress.
2391	AS: What is your take on Spring Awakening?
2392	As with actual personal budgets, the council must keep independent personal budgets under review and reassess people on these budgets if they feel their circumstances have changed and revise them accordingly.
2393	As with any element of your home, prices vary greatly depending on many factors; we recently had a client who spent £10,000 on a swanky remote control gas unit, for instance.
2394	As with any Kia vehicle, drivers of the new Kia Soul EV will benefit from a 7-Year Warranty for complete peace-of-mind, which as of yet, still out-performs all other manufacturers and has done for some time!
2395	As with any other commodity, supply and demand means that the price of labour fluctuates around its underlying value.
2396	As with any other cosmetic safety laws require that they must not cause harm to human health.
2397	As with any rechargeable device, it is important to charge with the correct charger and not to leave an e-cigarette unattended whilst charging.
2398	As with any review, it is both a privilege and a time to be slightly nervous but, thanks to the hard work by all at the restaurant, any nerves were unwarranted.
2399	As with changes in absolute poverty, there have been only quite small fluctuations in relative poverty rates over the last 10 years, with relative poverty in 2014-15 the same as its level in 2004-05.
2400	As with flyers, we’re designing posters with the help of Street Champions and they will be available from July onwards.
2401	As with reforms we have delivered over the last two years, we are confident that our proposals will help the legal market to grow.
2402	As with the other divisions, ICT is supported by a team of highly qualified engineers, committed to providing unbiased, independent advice and fast, efficient resolution of queries and faults via their specialised support desk and on-site services.
2403	As work by slowing your heart rate and lowering blood pressure, your heart will be working harder when exercising.
2404	As you can see, there are plenty of reasons why business cash advances make for an excellent option for financing a small business.
2405	As you can tell, family is a big part of my life - to begin with, I took the job with Anchor precisely because of the hours.
2406	As you can’t fail to have noticed, Series 8 of Britain’s Got Talent kicked off on April 12th and from now until June our Saturday nights will not be the same.
2407	As your Police and Crime Commissioner, Keith is responsible for overseeing the work of Humberside Police, ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of policing services across East Yorkshire, Northern Lincolnshire and the City of Kingston upon Hull.
2408	As your website reflects your business, you’d only want to trust it with the best.
2409	As you study the brand’s handwriting you need to think about its Is it formal or informal, authoratitive, friendly, serious, humorous or chatty?
2410	As you walk along you can watch street entertainers and have your portrait sketched by one of the talented artists.
2411	At 24, he’s the brains behind SBTV, one of the biggest youth-media channels in the UK, having risen to fame posting music videos of upcoming rap and pop artists.
2412	At 37 weeks, your pregnancy is considered full-term.
2413	At 3pm, pupils from The Leverton Primary School were moved to the nearby Marriott Hotel to allow parents to safely collect their children away from the scene of the fire.
2414	At 40 years we look back – but what needs to be done in the future?
2415	"At 4am I barefooted it five miles home, as it was easier to run with your shoes off, then I’d be up for training and ready for the next game.
2416	At 6am on September 6th, a great volley could be heard rumbling from the 30 canons lined up on the banks of the river Avon.
2417	At a business level, these are our consumers and it's important for our future markets that they understand the practicalities of farming and feel some connection to us.
2418	At ADH Mortgage Services we are committed to providing the best possible level of professional service by searching the mortgage market and selecting the most suitable products to suit your individual needs.
2419	At a great price, this is affordable and high value for money.
2420	At A & J Stoves our main objective is to offer you a friendly and personable service.
2421	A takeover plot via that administration failed and was backed by some leading figures at the fans’ group Sky Blue Trust.
2422	At a mile deep, 270 miles long and up to 18 miles wide, it can be tough to grasp just how truly awe-inspiring the grand Canyon is, without standing on its edge and feeling its enormity.
2423	At Anglia Research we stake our reputation on finding missing heirs and other beneficiaries.
2424	At an individual level we would urge all victims to report their experiences to the police or through a third-party reporting mechanism such as this http://www.report-it.org.uk. But collectively we all have a part to play in stamping out hate.
2425	A tan this rich was only possible on the Riviera, now the Riviera comes to the UK with St Tropez Self Tanning.
2426	At any one time, the Fund will aim to have no less than 20% and no more than 60% of its investment exposure to equity securities.
2427	At approximately 12:20 on Saturday, 20 February a very brief electrical power disruption to the entire West Cambridge site caused power systems at the Soulsby data centre to switch to the backup systems (batteries and generator).
2428	At approximately 5.50 p.m., the royal party will leave the royal tea tent to proceed back to the palace along a route lined by the Yeoman of the Guard.
2429	At a prearranged signal, all sat down on the disused railway tracks, which ran along the centre of the lower deck, effectively blocking a string of quality automobiles.
2430	At around 1am we went to an Irish pub which was packed.
2431	At a simple level, this means recording and tracking expected and actual occupancy to identify variations across the weeks, months and year.
2432	At a special meeting of the Parks Committee last night (Wednesday), Mr Mike Parker answered a number of probing questions about his proposals, and members made it clear that they wanted the whole of the Town Council to make a decision.
2433	At a time of great political turmoil, and as we prepare to leave the European Union, the UK must show that we can set our own robust standards to end violence against women.
2434	At a time when we are dealing with cuts to both counselling services and training in universities, we can easily lose sight of how far we have come, what is going well and what we have achieved as a profession.
2435	At Avery was incredibly proud of all our staff.
2436	At Badgemore we will actively challenge pupils, staff or parents expressing opinions contrary to fundamental British Values, including ‘extremist’ views.
2437	At Berkeley Court, your visitors are always welcome at any time, including mealtimes.
2438	At Berry’s we pride ourselves on our GIA Certified diamonds – many of which have been fused into some of our most popular princess cut diamond designs, to evoke a clarity and a quality that is unbeatable.
2439	At born to be you healing & coaching I provide Reiki healing, life coaching, meditation, relaxation, emotional healing, psychic readings and more.
2440	At Bristol Street Motors we are committed to ensuring that all our customers leave happy and therefore our staff are kept well trained and highly knowledgeable.
2441	At busy times, this area lacked space which meant patients dignity and confidentiality was not maintained.
2442	At Carpetright we believe in making things easy to you at every step.
2443	At Carrington, we will provide you with fantastic looking windows.
2444	At Clifton Meadows we have a caring team of well qualified professionals, passionate about what they do and dedicated to ensuring our residents always feel confident that they can rely on a friendly face and helping hand 24-hours a day.
2445	At CrowCreation we're passionate about developing cutting edge technology.
2446	At Davis Bonley we can provide businesses in the Barnet area with a range of advice.
2447	At different times in their lives, staff may have caring responsibilities for children or for elderly family members.
2448	At DrupalCon you can learn a lot about Drupal security: how there is a team of people who investigate and fix any reported security bugs or problems and how you should keep up-to-date on security updates for both core and contrib modules.
2449	At Dunloy, County Antrim, a 'suspect device' was found near the Orange Order Hall on the outskirts of the village.
2450	A team of anti-doping educators will be recruited to provide workshops at High Performance Centres, the Advanced Apprenticeship in Sporting Excellence (AASE) camps and the National Tennis Centre.
2451	A team of experienced travel experts will be on hand to offer a worldwide, bespoke luxury travel service, the first of its kind in the city of Worcester.
2452	A team of student conservationists from UWE Bristol were judged as one of the top five UK entries in reaching the finals of the Quarry Life Award, a prestigious international competition.
2453	A teenager from Watford has been arrested by Hertfordshire Police as part of a National Crime Agency led investigation into the hoax bomb threat which affected a ‘large number’ of schools across Cambridgeshire.
2454	A Teesdale reservoir is going green with the introduction of a hydro turbine to generate renewable energy.
2455	• A ten per cent increase in the percentage of wooden houses in Europe would produce sufficient CO2 savings to account for about 25% of the reductions prescribed by the Kyoto Protocol.
2456	At Essex our focus is on creating nurses with compassion and the best technical skills.
2457	At first i thought it was going to be pottery or knitting but i was pleasantly surprised at the variety of courses available.
2458	At first it was put down to growing pains.
2459	At first my partner always used to beat me but last time we played I beat her.
2460	At Foreland Point Lighthouse you’re rewarded with unrestricted views across the Bristol Channel to Wales.
2461	A. The number of case studies you have to complete per year is set, and therefore in order to complete your studies, you will have to find the set number.
2462	At higher speeds that radical shape, strong midbody but softer tip and tail can make it a bit twitchy, but the grip through the middle of the ski is very strong, and won’t breakaway.
2463	A third of exporting firms say they would be deterred from trading with the EU if a tariff of between 2-4% were to be applied.
2464	A third or more of homes in some new developments in the borough are potentially empty, council research suggests, leading to concerns that these properties are wasted supply, making no contributions to Islington's demand for accommodation.
2465	A third room has been converted into a very evocative recreation of the captain's cabin on the the ship from which commanded his small fleet to victory against ships of the Royal Navy in the Battle of Flamborough Head.
2466	At Hobart, the Choir donned appropriate footwear and braved the snow as they made their way up Mount Wellington, a famous local landmark.
2467	A thorough clean is a must too.
2468	A three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a sought after location, close to all local amenities and transport links.
2469	A three-piece suite for my partner to sit on when I'm doing my accounts.
2470	A threshold greater than 2SU for tritan deficiency indicates an acquired cause which should be investigated.
2471	A ticket is required for every person entering the theatre – babies and small children without seats are not permitted.
2472	At ISS, our team of experienced installers and electricians deliver a bespoke service for flat screen TV ''s, home entertainment systems, digital aerial''s and Sky installations.
2473	At its peak the centre employed 100 people, opening summer and winter, and having an annual turnover of £1million, but in 1989 it went into receivership.
2474	At its rising on Saturday afternoon, Parliament adjourned until the 23a of January.
2475	At Jaguar our business is constantly evolving and improving, delivering exemplary levels of performance, capability and luxury, whilst reducing the impact on the environment and cost to our customers.
2476	At junction 15 take the A46/A429 exit to Warwick/Stratford /Coventry and at the roundabout take the 1st exit on to the Warwick By-pass.
2477	At just under 80 miles it is slightly shorter than the WHW but offers good transport arrangements at the start and finish.
2478	At KPMG his clients included government departments, local authorities and NHS trusts as well as companies in the transport, leisure and financial services sectors.
2479	“At last, a serious initiative addressing the industry’s root concerns,” said DAF Trucks Managing Director, Ray Ashworth, “I’ve been deeply impressed with Think Logistics and how it has been engaging directly with young people at Schools and Colleges.
2480	At least an upper-second class Honours degree in any discipline.
2481	At least in this so-called authoritarian regime, quality of education is not determined by socioeconomic background.
2482	At least, it will in a sales capacity at work.
2483	At least one independent expert questioned the methods and the number in the new study.
2484	At Legal Expert, our specialist personal injury legal solicitors can help you claim the compensation you deserve.
2485	At length the post-boys were ordered to drive on, and they did so with good-will-
2486	At Lingfield we have a huge responsibility to make sure our children get the best education they possibly can and I am proud to say that they are given every opportunity to shine in all areas of the curriculum.
2487	At Liverpool, on the 2211, Britannia, Ramsay, front Van Diemen'.
2488	At Majestic Designs, we pride ourselves on the exceptional quality of our products and services.
2489	At Mill House we provide an on-site laundry plus a well maintained garden.
2490	At Motherwell we see a lot of women who have suffered difficulties at every stage of their pregnancies, which sadly has a negative impact on their mental health.
2491	At Newby Bridge, go straight on at the roundabout then take next right following signs to Lakeside and Hawkshead.
2492	At night we would usually camp near a stream which we would use in three sections, one for our drinking water, one for the animals, and another for washing.
2493	At Nxtep you are the focus and your Personal Exercise Programme will be tailored specifically for you.
2494	At OneFile, we think apprenticeships – and especially higher apprenticeships – are the way forward for modern businesses.
2495	At one point, Lance Stroll, in last, was lapping over four seconds quicker than Daniel Ricciardo, who was leading.
2496	At one point, Luciana Berger was applauded by MPs from all sides after sharing her experiences of abuse faced.
2497	At one time, thousands of years ago, most of England was hidden beneath a mantle of broadleaved woodland.
2498	Atop her new woes with Drake, Ariana Grande recently shared a snippet from a collaboration with Nicki.
2499	A total budget of £140,000 is available for the pilot, inclusive of all VAT and costs.
2500	A total of 221 companies were registered in Oldham during the fourth quarter of 2012 (Oct 2012 - Dec 2012).
2501	A total of 388 companies were registered in York during the third quarter of 2013 (Jul 2013 - Sep 2013).
2502	A total of 498 companies were registered in Norwich during the second quarter of 2014 (Apr 2014 - Jun 2014).
2503	A total of 522 companies were registered in Cambridge during the third quarter of 2014 (Jul 2014 - Sep 2014).
2504	A total of 765 companies were formed in Harrogate in 2013.
2505	A total of 822 companies were registered in Nottingham during the fourth quarter of 2011 (Oct 2011 - Dec 2011).
2506	A total of 990 companies were dissolved in York in 2012.
2507	At our College, we work hard to give you the space to learn, live, grow and achieve.
2508	At our Flixton practice, we are delighted to own a state of the art CT scanner so we can provide the highest levels of care when planning your treatment.
2509	A touring production will start in Spring with artists to be announced.
2510	A tour inside the palace will get you better acquainted with Vienna architecture.
2511	At Pembroke he built a planetarium, and also contrived a "waterwork" on which he exercised himself on a "water-bicycle".
2512	At Pertemps we use a plethora of technological solutions already, which includes state of the art ‘job-matching’ features, including AI.
2513	At present Cambridgeshire and Peterborough produce about 2.7 million tonnes of waste each year.
2514	At present, I am PAYE (higher rate of 40%) and my partner is a sole trader (income generally £40k to £50k).
2515	At present, if you remain on IPv4 you will still be able to get to all your favourite websites and services using your existing IPv4 addresses.
2516	At present, it is easy to miss the restaurant’s colourful exterior due to a metallic spider’s web of scaffolding surrounding the entrance on Queen Street.
2517	At present ran as a cattery and there is plenty of scope to add to this.
2518	At present the database contains approximately 13,000 records, but this number is steadily increasing as new papers are published and other specimens become type, figured, or cited.
2519	At present, using a television receiver without a valid licence can lead to prosecution, a court appearance and a fine of up to £1,000.
2520	‘A tracking system on our vehicle informs us of vehicle idling which I feel is one of the main causes of air pollution in the city.
2521	A traditional look, then, but offering the benefit of zero tummy constriction - a design that will appeal to first-time bib wearers.
2522	A train travelling from Great Yarmouth to Norwich has been cancelled.
2523	A travel plan is a set of measures that are designed to help promote sustainable transport within a school, a business or a residential development, with the main aim of reducing travel by single occupancy vehicles.
2524	A tremendous performer over the past few years, with three consecutive wins at the Cheltenham Festival.
2525	A trio of Norwich City stars showed their support for British heavyweight champion Sam Sexton and tested their boxing skills this afternoon.
2526	At Rolls-Royce Control Systems we provide safety critical controls and asset intelligence solutions to more than 300 customers around the world.
2527	At Rubbish Clearance, we collect and remove beds, cupboards, rubble, mixed waste, sofa removal or lorry tyres (could cost more as expensive to dispose of) safely with no fly tipping.
2528	A true professional will not have an agenda or try to force the latest fad.
2529	At Sage, we are dedicated to providing the very highest levels of service and support to our clients, no matter what their requirements may be.
2530	ATS Interiors is an interior design company offering a range of designs for different types of property.
2531	At SMC SEAT, we offer a range of competitive contract hire rates, as well as unique business benefits across all models.
2532	At some time prior to 28th August 06 unknown offender/s approached a property in Perry Mill Lane, Ullenhall.
2533	At St Clements Court retirement housing scheme in Irlam, we offer 7 one bedroom, 24 studio and 1 two bedroom purpose-built properties for rent for people over the age of 55.
2534	At Steven Eagell Toyota, we are proud to be a member of Toyota's Motability Dealer Partnership and always have Motability specialists on hand to help those eligible find the vehicle that's right for them.
2535	Attach documents or upload photos to support requests after submission.
2536	Attached to the west end is the 1960s extension*, which is not of special interest and is excluded from the listing.
2537	Attacking Cresy’s report was, however, not going to do much good; the Public Health Act was certainly going to be implemented in Margate and what was important now was to obtain a favourable Provisional Order.
2538	Attempt to locate the e-mail sent to you when you first registered, check your username and password and try again.
2539	Attendance of non-Linacre members and consequent gym hire fee should not come from the CR budget.
2540	Attendance record - Councillor Nathan Evans Browser does not support script.
2541	Attendees will leave this session with a far clearer understanding of how media works and how they can interact with journalists to gain publicity for their business, campaign or a client's business.
2542	Attend to business in the sprawling city, and then return to the hotel to unwind and relax in a private sanctuary, at our luxury 5-star hotel in Delhi.
2543	Attention to detail, and difficulty with change, is characteristic of autistic people.
2544	Attention will now turn to securing their place in the top flight and winning the Huws Gray Alliance title, and the Cofis can take another giant leap this Saturday when they travel to Ruthin Town (2.30pm).
2545	At that moment the garden gate swung to; the ramblers were returning.
2546	At that point you will need to have moved all of your belongings out of the property and hand over the keys to the new buyers – usually through the agents.
2547	At that time, my hon.
2548	At the appointment you should have the chance to talk about you diagnosis, and ask about what might happen in the future.
2549	At the Aquarius Showroom we aim to inspire you with our exclusive choice of silent gliss blinds and our services now extend to all blinds.
2550	At the Beechtree Restaurant we can cater for up to 130 people and offer a range of menus.
2551	At the beginning of Lesson 2 we'll summarise some points on pronunciation, but for the moment concentrate on listening to the sounds that you hear and practise saying new words for yourself.
2552	At the bottom of the Costabella lift is the Ristorante Costabella, a restaurant with simple interiors but impressive dishes.
2553	At the College level, a student’s Tutor would be expected to represent them in any disciplinary hearings.
2554	At the doors, one of the young men opened a French window, and they gathered round and peered into the immense ballroom.
2555	At the east end of the south wall are the remains of a small building which contained the water pump which provided the domestic water supply.
2556	At the end a stile takes you out into the corner of a field.
2557	At the end of August I estimated it at 9.6 in the Thorrowgood refractor x40.
2558	At the end of each month we will raise internal trading invoices for the hours detailed on the timesheets.
2559	At the end of each outing always drain the water system, toilet system and water heater.
2560	At the end of term, please take down all decorations and completely clear your room of personal items and rubbish.
2561	At the end of the case the boundary line remained in exactly the same place.
2562	“At the end of the four years it is unlikely we will have a simple model to be used in every situation,” said Professor Loomes.
2563	At the end of the meeting, after the others had left, I asked the couple why they objected so much to this project that will generate renewable energy and Mr Timms replied: “I am a poet and I just don’t like it”.
2564	At the end of the year, the inventory of materials unused is quantified, and its cost price is valued at £3000.
2565	At the event, a video created by families who access the service was launched, which allowed children’s voices to be heard, and to be a source of information and support to other parents.
2566	At the far end, handy for the kitchen, a traditional dining table with chairs has seating for 8. A sweeping staircase leads upstairs.
2567	At the field corner cross stile to enter wood and take short path to bridge stile into field.
2568	At the grand opening we had promo girls ready to start at 9AM handing out goody bags.
2569	At the heart of the camera is a tiny Raspberry Pi computer, about the size of a small calculator, which is connected to a camera lens with motion sensors.
2570	At the hospital you should be put in touch with a low vision specialist who can assess you and recommend magnifiers or other technology to help.
2571	At their peak, monasteries owned nearly a third of the whole country.
2572	At the meeting, everyone will agree who can give you permission to take part in different activities, for example, sleepovers, school trips and holidays with your carers.
2573	At the mini roundabout, turn right into Florence Park Road.
2574	At the moment, it’s poor Amanda Bynes.
2575	At the moment the technology industries are split, but in hardware enthusiasts can mostly match big companies in terms of materials, maybe not in reproducibility, but in ease of prototyping certainly.
2576	At the moment this amount is set at £325,000.
2577	At the moment, UK citizens have the right to move to any EU country.
2578	At the moment we are doing a special offer Why not have a spray tanning party before those special events like a wedding, party or just a night out?
2579	At the moment we potentially have two people and yourself, would you be able to see if any of your members would be happy to come along and join the dance and be happy to be filmed?
2580	At the Moray Council meeting on 30 March 2016 the funding for the Western Link Road (WLR) was removed from the Capital Plan thereby cancelling the project.
2581	At the Mussumbuluco house, the police seized three vehicles, a quantity of mandrax pills, two machines and various products used in the manufacture of the drug.
2582	At the N end of the original building a large brick chimney stack has hearths at both floors, at first floor level a dummy window, mullioned and transomed to form 6 'lights', all hollow-moulded, with ovolo-moulded pediment, all in brick.
2583	At the next junction onto a path leading to a short stretch of boardwalk across a muddy area.
2584	At the other end of the scale, only 25% of Hong Kong’s respondents were positive about adopting these types of vehicles.
2585	At the present time, an Avian Influenza Prevention Zone applies to everyone who keeps poultry or captive birds in England.
2586	At the rear, a black tailgate trim with 'Duster' branding sits above the number plate.
2587	At the roundabout, take the exit onto A509 (3rd exit from North, 1st exit from South).
2588	At the same junction, we would convert a section of the western footway on Aldrington Road into shared-use for cycling and walking.
2589	At the same time, buy-to-let mortgage rates are beginning to edge up.
2590	At the same time, during the process of building up the model for a caisson, the theoretical analyses for shallow circular flat footing and spudcans also are established with the same principle.
2591	At the same time, it allowed students to turn their hand to electronics engineering, software coding and PCB design as well as a number of other engineering challenges.
2592	At the same time, I was hearing about therapists turning these clients away.
2593	At these events they get first hand experience of the product and get their hands on the real thing.
2594	At the Show itself, Omar created a stir with the Accent, Omar’s brand new contemporary Park Home.
2595	At The Spa At The Midland we offer three fantastic holistic therapies each available for 50 minutes at £75.
2596	At the tarmac lane (SD 754378), by the sign for Bramley Farm Cottages, turn right and almost immediately left following the public footpath finger post.
2597	At the time I thought he must be really high up in MI5 and I had been the victim of some kind of cyber hacking incident.
2598	"At the time, I wasn't coping well at work or at home; I wasn't sleeping well, I was anxious and irritable, I felt angry, guilty and sad - a whole host of emotions - and I could see that my work and family were suffering.
2599	At the time of his death, near St Leger, he was a Lieutenant in the 2nd Battalion Grenadier Guards.
2600	At the time of publication the station was called Gosforth: ‘South’ was added in 1905.
2601	At the time of writing the equity basket’s rolling 12-month yield is slightly ahead of its stated objective, while the performance during the quarter was favourable due to its focus on quality.
2602	At the time of your hire, occasional hirers will be met on site by the duty officer at the start of their hire.
2603	At the time there were mixed views from respondents on the proposals with some in favour and others against.
2604	At the t-junction turn right into Dale Road, this then takes you out towards the countryside.
2605	At the top end of the sport, British women are the best in the world, so it is important that we continue to encourage cycling so that this reputation can continue.
2606	At the top of his career, Ormston earned £15,000 a year and lived at the Park Lane Hotel.
2607	At the weekend his brother Ralph Jnr posted on Facebook; “Totally gutted my young brother Michael was tragically killed in a car accident last night, rest in peace bro.”
2608	At this stage, be very careful because the maintained rocky path is not visible from the footpath.
2609	At this stage we do not know and have not committed to any particular approach to deciding which sites could potentially be developed.
2610	At this stage, you definitely need to get to grips with your state pension.
2611	At this time, after the death of Stalin in 1953, the Soviet Union changed its attitude towards the West.
2612	At this time of year there are a lot of people out there looking for a bit of extra cash to help with the expense of Christmas.
2613	At this time of year you may think that volunteer groups will start to do less and less as the weather gets colder and wetter but you couldn't be more mistaken.
2614	At this time these domain names are not activated or available for use by anyone.
2615	At this time upload speeds are not receiving the same attention as download rates.
2616	At times the cartoonist almost seems to want his rich lover to lend or give him some cash; after all, it would mean nothing to her, and he is drowning in debt.
2617	At times they stand in for one group or the other but most of the time the images are triangulated – there is presence of all three parties within the picture.
2618	Attorney General, Antonio Namburete, has publicly admitted that there is corruption in the state and judicial apparatus.
2619	Attractions nearby include the Elan Valley Dams, a great place to visit for a few hours, being just 10 mile south of Llangurig along the A470.
2620	At Trecco Bay you’ll also find the superb Splashland indoor pool complex, dodgems, arcade zone and plenty more for a memorable family holiday.
2621	… at Triangle we do things differently.
2622	At Tyrrell, we’re no strangers to the digital way of doing business.
2623	At UCL Agnieszka is currently completing her second monograph resulting from the British Academy post-doctoral research (contracted by Cambridge University Press): Immigration and Refugee Law in Russia.
2624	At UEA we think it’s important that everyone has the chance to study, regardless of their financial background.
2625	A tweet by the police confirmed details of the incident.
2626	At Wells the flood barrier was closed as the town was braced for a higher than normal tide but the situation was fortunately not as bad as predicted.
2627	At Whitbread, employee placements aimed at getting unemployed individuals – often with challenging backgrounds – into work has proved successful.
2628	At Winkworth Islington, we're passionate about our area.
2629	At W Nodes Funeral Directors, we understand how special life is with those that you love.
2630	A two bedroom retirement apartment located on the first floor Village Heights is a development set in landscaped gardens enhanced by lawns and mature trees and features an upper and lower pond separated by a rock garden.
2631	A two-day User Research workshop, with hands-on experience creating a usability testing programme in our UX labs.
2632	A two-mile wildlife-rich greenway through the middle of a built-up area of Farnborough, with paths along most of its course.
2633	A typical efficiency of a system is about 70% 'water to wire' and so the figure Head X Flow X 9.81nN/m3 should then be multiplied by this (0.7) to obtain the final power potential.
2634	At Zego we are truly focused on our customers, creating products that give them the flexibility to work when they want to, paying in proportion to when they earn.
2635	Audiences around the Main Arena will be captivated by the Kangaroo Kid and his tantalising motorcycle display which will have Show goers watching through their fingers in anticipation.
2636	AUD USD bulls fall casualty to Chinese slowdown fears 7000 in sight We use marketing cookies to show relevant services on third party websites.
2637	August 26th, 2018 - Events - Brighouse - Whats on - Brighouse TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2638	August 27th, 2017 - Events - Mottingham - Whats on - Mottingham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2639	August 27th, 2018 - Events - York - Whats on - York TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2640	A UK registered charity funding targeted paediatric brain tumour research and support.
2641	‘A Union Jack design with floral embellishments is a soft and feminine way to fly the flag.
2642	A University Forum for Research Staff has been established to serve a general networking function and to provide a focus for gathering Research Staff views on issues such as induction, training and development opportunities etc.
2643	A user looking for a hotel room, for example, could send an SMS message with their location to a control centre, which can then send back details of the nearest company-approved hotel.
2644	Australia is enormous!
2645	Australian Doyle lifted his first-ever world title last year and over last winter the New South Wales man made the switch from Somerset’s west country rivals Swindon.
2646	Australia prevents asylum seekers who arrive by boat from staying on the mainland: it outsources their detention to Papua New Guinea and Nauru, where they are held in prison camps in which reports of abuse are common.
2647	Australia Sex Discrimination Commissioner Elizabeth Broderick says the problem has reached enourmous proportions.
2648	Australia’s Highway 1 is the longest road in the world, stretching more than 9,000 miles.
2649	Authentic recipe Spanish Paella with Smoked Paprika & Saffron.
2650	Authorised Professional Practice (APP) streamlines existing guidance onto a single online platform.
2651	Author Paul Kendall has contacted many of the living relatives of those who fought to bring a human face to those terrible statistics.
2652	Author Val McDermid is in the running for a top crime-writing prize for one of her recent novels.
2653	A utility bill, bank statement, council tax, benefits or pension document dated within the previous three months that shows the residents name and address are all acceptable documents.
2654	Auto Enrolment: employers what you need do within 12 months of your staging date.
2655	Automatic enrolment is business as usual and your staff will now expect to be saving into a pension as part and parcel of their employment.
2656	Automatic testing of emergency fittings is far more cost effective and easier than manual testing and record keeping.
2657	Autonomous Emergency Braking (AEB)This system helps you avoid accidents.
2658	Auto-renewal is a service designed to make renewing your Railcard easy.
2659	Auto Trader does not warrant that the operation of the System will be error free or uninterrupted.
2660	Availability and resilience Guaranteed availability Strata provides a service delivered at 99.5% availability.
2661	Available beg July 2018.
2662	Available for all types of events, large or small.
2663	Available for viewing by appointment and available to rent early July.
2664	Available Friday - Sunday only.
2665	Available from £27,052 + VAT, RFL & 1st Reg FeeFrom £340.33 Per Month.
2666	Available from stockists from summer 2018, the Charlie Brear 'Day for Night' Ma.
2667	Available in a choice of two sizes.
2668	Available in aluminium or UPVC frames and numerous glazing options, we can design and manufacture small or large commercial skylights that are made to measure.
2669	Available in brown, hazelnut or ivory.
2670	Available in robust ABS, this will certainly make travel fun!
2671	Available June - Call Taylors Today.
2672	Available Monday to Friday, 9:00am until 5:30pm.
2673	Available Sunday – Thursday, weekends subject to availability.
2674	Availbale now in our Littlehampton store is the brand new Silver range from Elements Jewellery This latest Elements Silver collection celebrates the timeless beauty of this precious and versatile metal… distinctive designs at affordable prices.
2675	A valid passport will be necessary as some overseas travel may be involved and necessary DBS checks will be carried out.
2676	A valuations service means that claims can be settled incredibly quickly, because you already have that clarity over a vehicle’s worth, and it’s all documented for the client.”
2677	A variable-rate mortgage can be a tracker deal linked to the Bank of England base rate or a discount mortgage linked to the lender’s standard variable rate of interest.
2678	A variety of methods are used to deliver the modules.
2679	A vasectomy may be appropriate when a couple do not want any more children, or have decided not to have any at all.
2680	A vast East Range was added in 1580.
2681	Aveeno body lotion with shea butter is a rich moisturising lotion which provides the skin with relief from irritation.
2682	A vegan won't have clothing, household or cosmetics items that have anything to do with animals.
2683	Average life expectancy from symptom onset is two to five years.
2684	Average monthly temperature and rainfall for Olhos d'Agua.
2685	Average UK prime yields had risen by over 120 basis points during the year, development activity indicators had slumped and GDP expectations were slashed.
2686	A versatile and experienced team has been involved in some of the most famous events on any calendar.
2687	A versatile choice, this relaxed fitting piece features classic short sleeves and a ribbed crew neckline.
2688	A very Happy Christmas to you all from myself and the team!
2689	A very informative website which gives information regarding, how to become a Massage Therapist.
2690	A very personal journey was made by the son of one of Shackleton’s original crew.
2691	A very popular aluminium loft ladder due to its ease of use, double handrail and spring assisted, finger tip operation.
2692	A very positive trend over the last few years has been improved corporate governance.
2693	A very small number of residents may also benefit from a personal charge to their properties, which is usually something like a stairlift we have installed within their home.
2694	A veteran producer and one of the most experienced artists in Drum & Bass, Darren White is known as dBridge, is an artist whose multiple transformations and evolutions glide through a staggering list of achievements.
2695	A Victorian mansion previously built on the site before the brewery had greatly affected the friary's cemetery during its construction.
2696	A viewing of this extremely characterful cottage is highly advised to appreciate the deceptively spacious accommodation that retains an abundance of charm, extended by the current owners to provide family sized living space.
2697	Avigo drift BMX bike with 360 alloy handlebar rotor 20" wheels used only for 2 months because my son is getting a bigger bike as he is older.
2698	A visitor told me I should open with the NGS.
2699	A visit to the city's magnificent and ancient UNESCO World Heritage cathedral is a must, as is trying the local culinary delicacy - Printen - a hard, spicy biscuit.
2700	A visit to the impressive Edinburgh castle is a must.
2701	Avoidance of the non food items is a little less tricky in that you can easily substitute things like wooden or rubber handles for kitchen tools, don’t wear anything nickel plated and avoid jewellery unless it is certified gold or silver.
2702	Avoid doing jobs that are rough on your hands, that can include as household work, cleaning, gardening and any other tough hobbies.
2703	Avoid meat-heavy meals and stick to turkey which contains tryptophan, an amino acid that helps to promote sleep.
2704	Avoid plastic surgery by speaking to one of our team members about enhancement with an alternative.
2705	Avoid sitting on the edge of seat cushions as this could distort their shape or damage them.
2706	A volunteer for the service also speaks highly of its benefits for all involved.
2707	A wage should only be considered a UWE if you are certain it is a cost that will cease in the event of a loss.
2708	A walk along its crest is often combined with nearby Curbar and Froggatt Edges and forms one of the Peak District’s classic walks.
2709	A wallet with £100 – ‘to help pay the bills we’ve left’
2710	Awards For All Wales makes awards of between £500 and £5,000.
2711	Award-winning comedian Tom Allen is set to bring his debut solo tour to the north of Scotland.
2712	Award-winning retirement housebuilder, McCarthy and Stone, is building the apartments on South Street, a previously vacant site behind Moors Yard.
2713	Awareness lies at the heart of coaching and students will critically review its role in development and how it leads to responsibility.
2714	A war memorial in nearby Tursdale, which honours the 41 soldiers from the former pit community who died in the 1914-18 conflict, will be refurbished later this year.
2715	A warm welcome to all our EasyBuild-ers!
2716	'A war story that is both brutally honest and lyrically beautiful'
2717	A wave of new services is launching, aiming to tap into the expected explosion of DIY investors.
2718	Away from work, you are likely to find Toby spending time with his family or taking part in some sort of sporting activity.
2719	A wealth of information for those with this particular interest.
2720	A Web Application Firewall (WAF) is designed to protect your data from hackers as they try to exploit weaknesses in your application code.
2721	A wedding at Bisham Abbey is a unique experience and your special day is as important to us as it is to you.
2722	A welder who suffered a head injury at work has won an out-of-court settlement in compensation.
2723	A welfare visit to a nail bar in Bath uncovered a national human trafficking case, resulting in four people going to trial this autumn, including a 48-year old woman from Bath.
2724	A well presented modern two bedroom staggered terraced house tucked away in a quiet cul de sac location on the popular Thorley Park development close to local amenities and schooling.
2725	A whole-system approach is needed, recognising the broader purpose that universities serve, providing high-quality teaching for students, but also carrying out cutting-edge research and supporting business and innovation in their local community.
2726	A wide range of services are available to meet individual needs and circumstances to support people to live independently.
2727	A wide variety of records survive including: Guardians' minutes (1835, 1839-1930); Admissions and discharges (1901-5, 1922-9); Deaths (1837-1930); Creed register (1914-30); Register of lunatics (1892-22); Punishment book (1899-1933); etc.
2728	A willingness to engage in honest, open conversation is a vital element of leadership.
2729	A WINCHESTER councillor has questioned the fitness of the city’s sports chief to lead a committee, despite both belonging to the same party.
2730	A wind turbine which powers an Utsira, an island off Norway.
2731	A winter wedding dress lends itself to all sorts of thicker fabrics that would not be an option in warmer climates.
2732	A woman in a chemist in Burton in the summer of 2006 was said to have "screamed the shop down" after she witnessed a man in grey rags and dirty long hair who held his arms out to her and made noises she did not understand.
2733	A woman was sexually assaulted as she jogged along a towpath close to Iver yesterday (Sunday).
2734	A woman was slapped in the face before being robbed in Corby.
2735	A wonderful, honest obituary.
2736	A wonderfully complex wine with very refined red fruit.
2737	A WORCESTER-born businessman has stepped out of Africa to return home and launch his own business.
2738	A works it out as they go but even a like me can’t dive straight in without knowing some fundamentals.
2739	AWStats is a powerful and fully featured tool that generates advanced graphical web server statistics.
2740	Axel Scheffler has illustrated over one hundred books in total.
2741	A year on, the grounds popped up at a substantially reduced price and the couple couldn’t resist a second look.
2742	A YOUNG man from Winsford will have his life remembered with a…
2743	A young man who had rocketed up the refereeing pyramid, becoming an assistant referee on the Football League by the age of 20. Traditionally, progression is gained by running the line at one level higher than you referee.
2744	Azhar Mahmood insists Pakistan have nothing to lose against rivals India in Champions Trophy final and claims it is 'bigger than the Ashes'
2745	BAAM also offers one-to-one work for individuals, couples and families.
2746	Babel Fiche wonders if it will be possible to resolve coherent films under these social conditions, and viewers and collaborators are invited to follow the progress of the project as it develops and changes.
2747	Babies welcome at Pilates classes.
2748	Baby changing facilities are widely available within accessible toilets at no charge.
2749	Baby on ventilator after father 'stuck his finger down her throat because she was crying'
2750	Babysitter Job in Beaconsfield, Live Out Nanny Job in Beaconsfield, Part Time Nanny Job in Beaconsfield - Mel82 - Childcare.
2751	Baby's natural parents have married following baby's birth registration, what do we need to do?
2752	Bacillus subtilis and bacillus licheniformis as hosts for genetic manipulation.
2753	Back again, by popular demand, are the club’s running for complete beginners courses, starting again early this month.
2754	Back and gold wedding stationeryNo matter how simple your wedding stationery is, there's always room for a little glitter.
2755	Back at Blinkbox, paste the code you copied into the pop-up box and click to submit.
2756	Back at home base in Glasgow, Colette and Sandra are as busy as ever with our events calendar.
2757	Backdating is an important safeguard for pensioners at a complex time of their lives.
2758	Backed by our passionate scientists and supporters, we’re challenging the way people think about dementia, uniting the big thinkers in the field and funding the innovative science that will change lives.
2759	Back, from the left, Blaise Hargreaves-Stock, seven, Jude Samuel-Traviss, seven, Seth Pearson, six, and Alfie Redhead, six.
2760	Background information, extension ideas and top tips are provided, together with student guides and instructions.
2761	Background papers disclosing confidential or exempt information are not open to inspection.
2762	Background papers for a review can be found online under the reference number of the original application.
2763	Back in 2004, in a report to the Deputy Prime Minister, the neighbourhood of Harpurhey was named as the most deprived area of England.
2764	Back in Action is dedicated to beating back pain by improving the furniture you use.
2765	Back in France in 1883, Sargent began work on his most famous portrait, that of Madame Pierre Gautreau (Madame X), an American woman living in Paris.
2766	Back in our early 20s, Mrs Chasing the Donkey and I decided to take our first international holiday together.
2767	Back in the 1990s you could barely move for stylish mainstream two-doors.
2768	Back in the days before mobile phones, the internet and social media, urgent messages which could not be left to the usual postal delivery service were delivered to doors across the land by telegram boys.
2769	Back in the second world war, ‘staying put’ was in vogue for another reason – to keep the railways clear for military traffic, as this stern holiday poster reminded everyone…
2770	Back on the A38, a crash at the Peartree Junction at Ashburton has been affecting traffic heading towards Exeter.
2771	Back-up trucks delivered by our own transport will keep your business moving.
2772	“Back when I was born, in 65, little Rohan used to run out of his gate, through a little alley and into the sea, where he learned to swim.
2773	"Bacon don't like waiting" they say, seems legit.
2774	Bacterial meningitis is most common in children under five and it can often take time to diagnose precisely which bacteria are responsible.
2775	Badger baiting is thankfully now illegal, but the legal badger cull introduced in 2011 in parts of Gloucestershire and Somerset remains in place following the 2015 general election.
2776	Bad things NOT the responsibility of the organizers: No indoor pictures allowed, extremely crowded corridors, cloak room area (they made me check even my light windbreaker type jacket) is crazy and takes away valuable time.
2777	Bad weather can actually be a major blessing when it comes to landscape photography.
2778	Baglan is located on the side of a steep hill and is surrounded by two main hills, Mynydd-y-Gaer (to the north) and Mynydd Dinas (to the east).
2779	Bagnold and his colleagues would periodically return to North Africa when on leave and, making use of Model-T and Model-A Fords, explored much of the Libyan Desert that had hitherto been unmapped.
2780	Bahrain White Wave Wall Tiles 33x55 - Tons of TilesJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
2781	Bailey, a grandfather-of-one, added that they gang were aged between 15 and 18 and were directed by a smarter individual leading the rest.
2782	Balancing what's coming in and what to go out and what can be worked towards.
2783	Baldock and Letchworth in Hertfordshire to provide the best service possible for the Tring area.
2784	Ballantynes has a particular emphasis on providing residential estate agency and property management solutions to private clients and the development community.
2785	Baltic to Bill Quay cycle route starts or finishes at the BALTIC Gallery, a major international centre for contemporary art housed in a landmark industrial building on the south bank of the River Tyne.
2786	Bamako probably sees such delays to its advantage as frustration at the slow pace of normalisation in the North can more easily be blamed on the separatists.
2787	BAM sensitively cleaned some of the brickwork to restore the original colour, and some parts of the wall had to be rebuilt using traditional techniques.
2788	Banded hair-rigs will allow you to re-bait quickly and present pellets securely.
2789	Bandhavgarh though smaller than other wildlife parks in India has one of the highest densities of tigers in the world.
2790	BANGOR City will find out their FAW Domestic Licence fate this week.
2791	Banks are required to provide the dates for which the account was open, the name and date of birth of the account holder, the balance at 31 March each year, and detailed transactional information for certain periods.
2792	Ban yourself from the bookies - and any others within a 2 mile radius AND others you might be tempted to frequent.
2793	Barack Obama’s 2012 campaign, for instance, used one of Facebook’s APIs (application programming interfaces) and data to target voters.
2794	Barbican Centre – Silk Street, EC2Y (around a ten-minute walk from Old Street Underground station).
2795	Barchester Green Investment has taken a five-year lease on the 959 sq ft Suite 2 at the high-spec office building.
2796	Barely a week goes by now without cybercriminals using increasingly hostile and sophisticated methods to target companies that do business online.
2797	Barker and Stonehouse - the UK's largest independent, family-run furniture retailer, bringing you the finest in quality, style and value since 1946.
2798	Barking had their first opportunity in the 23rd minute when a long ball evaded Andy Howell allowing Kieran Hughes-Mason the chance to lob Dereham keeper Elliot Pride but he fired tamely wide from 30 yards.
2799	Barnes' penalty gave the away side the lead for the first time in the match, but Persey crashed over the line for the hosts' fifth try.
2800	Barnet Specialist - Property/Outdoor Professionals - Businesses & ShopsDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
2801	Barnsley came to Glasshouse Lane with an impressive record having secured back-to-back promotions since their formation just over three years ago.
2802	Barnstaple is well connected, with the A39 leading from Bideford, the A377 from Chulmleigh and the A361 from South Molton.
2803	Baroness Grey-Thompson (CB): My Lords, I am deeply disappointed that we have got to where we are today with the Welfare Reform and Work Bill, but I thank the Minister for continuing to meet Members of your Lordships’ House.
2804	Bar open from 8, music from 9! No tickets, just pay on the door.
2805	Barrafina wins National Restaurant of the Year Title In the very recent industry awards in London, 150 hospitality and restaurant industry experts voted Barrafina Tapas restaurant in Covent Garden as the National Restaurant of the year.
2806	Barry Kneeshaw, production manager at JFN, said: “Hatti was put forward for the award due to her excellent work which is always completed with great enthusiasm.
2807	Based at the firm’s Great Yarmouth office, he works in the Business Services team dealing with smaller, owner-managed firms.
2808	Based in Benfleet the company offers a comprehensive manufacturing and fitting service to its clients, and can customise our service to meet any individual requirements.
2809	Based in Bristol, Greg Nejedly provides safe, effective hypnotherapy to help clients throughout Bristol overcome a wide range of issues including stopping smoking, weight loss, fears and phobias, stress and anxiety, lack of confidence and much more.
2810	Based in Commercial Street, Dundee, Sun Station is a tanning studio.
2811	Based in Ely, it is a leading importer, exporter and manufacturer of nutritional ingredients and made-to-specification products in the UK and Europe.
2812	Based in Forth Valley, we help mums struggling with anxiety.
2813	Based in Gloucester Message Angels answering service is a innovative company offering a polite and courteous telephone answering service to clients throughout the whole of the UK.
2814	Based in Laceby Road, Grimsby, Stage One is a business.
2815	Based in Lanka House, Barns of Claverhouse, Lanka House Group is a bicycle shop.
2816	Based in Stirling Enterprise Park, Stirling, D Signs is a business.
2817	Based in St Johns Centre, Perth, Sally Hair & Beauty Supplies is a business.
2818	Based in Swaziland, their work focuses on supporting communities in growing grassroots projects that alleviate poverty and make significant social change.
2819	Based in The Park, Market Bosworth, Visuality is a computer shop.
2820	Based on online price as sold by Gardening Express, checked on 21.02.
2821	Based on our initial testing many current systems will struggle to meet the new 2015 standard.
2822	Based on the book of the same name by Roald Dahl, the musical can be seen from Tuesday to Saturday, June 5 to 30.
2823	‘Based on the evidence available, the TEF Panel judged that the University of Nottingham delivers consistently outstanding teaching, learning and outcomes for its students.
2824	Based on the testing of Honor's laboratory.
2825	Basically, it is plausible that you felt better after getting chiropractic, but it is not plausible that it can work in the way it is stated that it can work.
2826	Basic health sciences such as anatomy, physiology, immunology, nutrition and molecular biology are studied as are the sciences of animal disease – epidemiology, microbiology, parasitology, and pharmacology.
2827	Basic IT skills are essential and some understanding of either AutoCAD or Adobe Products is very helpful.
2828	Bathroom 8'8" (2.64m) red. to 7'8" (2.34m) x 5'6" (1.68m).
2829	Bathroom Product Ranges :: 7 Litre :: Dual flush - Thomas Dudley is committed to manufacturing high quality products and providing customers with the best possible service.
2830	Baton Rouge cop killer who murdered three officers in shooting spree left a suicide note saying his rampage was a 'necessary evil'
2831	Batshuayi was, however, keen to talk about his joy of regular football at Dortmund.
2832	Bay were skittled out for just 72, but then removed the opposition for a mere 51, James Jones 4-9 and Josh Grant 4-15 (20-5).
2833	BBC News - Tackling Grooming Browser does not support script.
2834	BDL have yet to publish the viability assessment essential for any large planning application.
2835	BDO has specialist knowledge of Real Estate Investment Trusts, having advised a large number of property companies launching REITs or converting to REIT status.
2836	BDO’s Natural Resources Oil and Gas Services team work across all international jurisdictions, from Australia to Latin America and from South Africa to North America.
2837	Be able to identify where to go for sources of international information and assistance.
2838	Beach and local convience stores located a short walk away.
2839	Beachborough’s curriculum and co-curricular programme are unashamedly broad and creative, making the best use of technology and our modern facilities.
2840	Beacon Hill memorial was sculpted by Mr Hitch of Vauxhall, London and it was unveiled and dedicated on 14 December 1919.
2841	Beans from Central and Southern America give the blend great body and great personality.
2842	Bearings, gears and oil need protection from wear and corrosion for long machine life – find out how they get it from Shell oils.
2843	Beathard (knee)) starts, 8 Chicago Bears vs. If C.J. Have them in your lineups.
2844	Beatrice Potter Webb a self-taught economist, socialist and reformer, was one of the co-founders of LSE in 1895.
2845	Beatson Cancer Charity have unveiled a new ‘end of treatment’ bell in memory of charity ambassador, fundraiser and friend, Francesca Mancini.
2846	Beaulieu Events Archives - Page 7 - BeaulieuJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
2847	Beautiful and (not common).
2848	Beautiful and practical watch with a gorgeous Black silicone strap.
2849	Beautiful, assorted blossoming flowers in stunning colours emerge from a powerful black background in blooms of passionate red.
2850	Beautiful Broadstairs has not just one, but seven stunning beaches and bays – one for each day of the week if you wanted to stay – two have Blue Flags and two have Seaside Awards.
2851	“Beautiful cottage with high ceilings, beams and skylights and much bigger than we expected The location is perfect, views amazing and although on a working farm there is no disturbance.
2852	Beautiful Information is the first NHS/private partnership of its kind, providing unique real-time information to NHS trusts to help them plan and resource clinical services to meet hourly fluctuations in patient demand.
2853	Beautifully done and so, so tasty.
2854	Beautifully located amidst the unspoiled beauty of the Assynt peninsula, this charming detached cottage is one of two holiday properties.
2855	Beautifully presented, set on the 1st floor this flat offers Victorian features and solid oak flooring throughout.
2856	Beautiful, original, enticing!
2857	Beautiful rural countryside runs down to a coastline that meets both the Atlantic Ocean and the Irish Sea.
2858	Beautiful scenery with both mountain and coastline to enjoy.
2859	Beautiful secluded bay with a sandy beach -- perfect for spotting dolphins, seals and other amazing wildlife.
2860	Beautiful (Traigh Mhachir) on the Rhinns of Islay peninsula is many people’s choice of the finest, more than a mile of fine sand backed by extensive dunes (and less than a mile from a distillery!
2861	Beautiful views surround the lodge with the accommodation sleeping 4 with 2 bedrooms.
2862	Beauty Box can also arrange all your treatments for the bridal party if this is required prior to the big day too (Individual & Strip Lashes are also available as part of the wedding day make-up service as well).
2863	Beavers have recently been reintroduced on Forestry Commission land close by.
2864	Be aware that drivers may not see you.
2865	Be aware that if you renounce your role as executor, you give up your right to be involved in the affairs of the deceased’s estate entirely.
2866	Be bold, If you like a décor in the brochure, in a sample then you will probably like it even more as a full panel.
2867	Be careful as at this point it will still be a loose mixture.
2868	Be careful, cross-country skiers do not necessarily use the same itinerary and leave tracks in the snow that do not follow the same route as hiking trails, which can be misleading.
2869	Be careful not to do this as the transmission can become overloaded and fail when the momentum is shifted so quickly.
2870	Be careful of what you share on social media regarding learners/clients.
2871	Because companies pay corporation tax and not income tax, full finance relief can be applied and only profits are taxed.
2872	Because fraud is not always detected immediately, stolen funds are often quickly transferred outside of the UK making it near impossible to get the money back.
2873	Because I don’t feel invested or bothered about the business, I care less and less about what I’m doing and actively put less effort into what I do.”
2874	Because if a person transfers the winnings of lottery or jackpot and die after that, you will still have to pay the money for the money transferred.
2875	Because if we do, then Russia will just turn around and tell us it will turn off the gas taps, so we won’t let it go that far.’
2876	Because it’s not as grim as it sounds!
2877	Because, let’s face it, you’re going to be spending a lot of time sitting in it, whether you’re breastfeeding or bottle feeding, reading bedtime stories, or fighting your drooping eyelids at 2am while waiting for the crying to stop.
2878	Because many councils’ penalty notices are written with a legal tone, this clouds important information.
2879	Because Mr Green's taxable income exceeds the additional rate threshold, his personal savings allowance is zero.
2880	Because no one knows your car better than the people who made it.
2881	Because October is National Cruise month there will be some great offers available, and as a thank you for attending the show Ponders have asked each cruise provider to bring further offers, so you really can get some great savings!
2882	Because of its "tear drop" shape, the Mega Blade is our strongest blade ever.
2883	Because of that, he played no part in the season finale against Oldham Athletic at The Den, but he returned for the 2001-02 Division One campaign, as McGhee secured his services on a permanent deal that summer.
2884	Because of the high mortality associated with active infection, prevention is a priority and a lot of time and energy has gone into developing an effective vaccine against tuberculosis.
2885	‘Because of the importance of the relationship in the work we do, we can’t afford that luxury.
2886	Because of the nature of the preparation the drug is easily prone to overdose especially to the people that don’t know how to handle and take injectable.
2887	Because of the unwritten two-year rule, While She Sleeps won’t be returning to Download for a second year in a row.
2888	Because of this discord, Hindley is eventually sent to college but he returns, three years later, when Mr Earnshaw dies.
2889	Because of this we ensure that all vehicles visiting a Lookers Dealership receive a complimentary Vehicle Health Check, which involves checking many key points on your vehicle to be certain that they are safe, and identifying those that are not to you.
2890	Because of what happened to Sharon my dad was really strict with me.
2891	Because signalling infrastructure varies across the network, what is considered to be the safe distance between trains at one part of the route can differ at another part.
2892	Because simply telling teens not to sext doesn’t work.
2893	Because so much of the engine is the same there’s little to differentiate the new models in terms of overall performance.
2894	Because the A and R man is actually the boss.
2895	Because the clay is coming straight towards you think the closer it gets the easier it will be to hit and this lends itself to a (purely psychological) tendency to slow or even stop the swing of the gun completely, resulting in a miss behind.
2896	Because the Community Response Service operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week and will respond whenever an alarm is triggered.
2897	Because there is no head office, Charlie and the rest of the senior management team are described as being very hands on and are always in one of the restaurants.
2898	Because there’s never a good time to have a flat tyre, it’s important to keep an eye on your treads and pressures to make sure you’re not putting yourself at unnecessary risk.
2899	Because the risks of business travel are so diverse, business travel insurance consists of many different types of cover, each for a specific risk.
2900	Because these are the realities of our world, and children are far more resilient than we realise, than we give them credit for.
2901	Because these sources are not normally used for small-scale heat and power generators, they are not part of this Code.
2902	Because the UK is not a part of the Schengen area, your parcel originating from the UK, could be opened pre-delivery if the officers get suspicious.
2903	Because they already know about your company and the products they have bought from you.
2904	Because this inspection was focused on the areas that required improvement following our inspection in November 2014, we did not inspect against the caring, effective and well-led domains.
2905	Because Tripos examinations are held only at the end of the academic year, students are challenged to retain and integrate what they have learned.
2906	Because we are always stronger together.
2907	Because we don't want to experience this anxiety (and it's normal body response), we tend to avoid situations when it might happen, and therefore are unlikely to learn that it could be ok and we could actually enjoy ourselves.
2908	Because when you go into the system menu, you’ll find the typeface is in 2pt and you won’t be able to read it.
2909	BEC is a profit for purpose property company.
2910	Beckwithshaw Saints celebrate a goal on their way to victory over Pannal Sports in Saturday's Premier Division clash.
2911	Becky Burrell, Marketing Manager at Cambridge BID said: “What an incredible experience, we all thoroughly enjoyed the day and it was one that I would recommend to any individual or business.
2912	Be clear about who you are, what you are about and what you want people to do on your website.
2913	Become a coach or improve your skills through our coach development support, with Sports Partnership Herefordshire and Worcestershire.
2914	Become one of the nearly 4,000 members who are currently registered with us and start making a difference in Public Health today!
2915	Becoming familiar with and following the Trust’s Health and Safety Policy at all times.
2916	Be creative, make your own rules and find your own solutions.
2917	BEDFORD MK 4X4 A unique opportunity to acquire a beloved vintage truck, used for performances of 30 Bird (www.30bird.
2918	Bed linen and towels provided, including swimming pool towels.
2919	Bedlinen is available.
2920	Bed occupancy in the trust was below the England average It is generally accepted that at 85% level, bed occupancy can start to affect the quality of care provided to patients, and the orderly running of the hospital.
2921	Bedroom 2, a double room overlooking Clifton Road, has a useful understairs storage cupboard and a deep display shelf.
2922	Bedrooms three and four benefit from a Jack and Jill bathroom.
2923	Bedroom with large King size curtained four poster bed.
2924	Beds can be personalised with a choice of natural wood and painted finishes.
2925	Beer & Cider - Medal Winner - On Offer - The Sunday Times Wine Club(Unlimited customer?
2926	Bees are totally red blind.
2927	Before 1837 births, marriages and deaths were not recorded systematically – only records of baptisms, marriages and burials are likely to survive.
2928	Before 1989, bicycle lights merely had to be ‘visible from a reasonable distance’.
2929	Before a cleaner is sent to your house they are insured for any breakages and injuries whilst in your home.
2930	Before agreeing to such requests relevant line managers are consulted to ensure the request can reasonably be met without disrupting services.
2931	Before anything else make certain that people behind have considerable amount of experience in offering high quality custom made publication review creating providers at different ranges.
2932	Before becoming an independent consultant, I had a successful career in export sales and marketing for 21 years followed by 6½ years in general management.
2933	Before becoming part of the TaxAssist family, Nick spent 18 years selling business to business, primarily in the motor finance arena, but wanted to be his own boss.
2934	Before being shortlisted as one of the finalists, the former leader, Councillor Ian Carr, chief executive, Roger Tetstall, and corporate director, Carol Moore, presented the submission in more detail to a panel of representatives from the MJ Awards.
2935	Before choosing to travel by sea you should be aware that there maybe one or two limitations in the service and facilities that we can provide.
2936	Before Chris Rock and Ricky Gervais, Charlie Chaplin was one of the world’s first ever comedy superstars, and his unusual toothbrush-moustache was one of his most distinguishing features.
2937	Before committing to work, you should check the conditions of your visa to ensure you do not breach your immigration conditions.
2938	Before dropping your pet with the sitter, ensure he or she has an identity tag (preferably on a visible collar) and has been micro-chipped.
2939	Before going official, why not test your idea?
2940	Before heading in to the field, we had a days’ shopping to procure everything we needed for three weeks in camp.
2941	Before he died, Luther and the four accused were at a boxing match at Bethnal Green’s York Hall to support the same fighter - Nico Giorgio, also known as Yosh.
2942	Before I would see these things but I didn’t connect to them – it is another world – I have learned to appreciate it, and it does something to you, it’s amazing.”
2943	‘Before, I would talk about sex with some of my male friends,’ he smiles.
2944	Before joining AZ, he worked for Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, and a law firm, based in Toronto, Canada, where he practiced corporate and commercial law, with a focus on the pharmaceutical industry.
2945	Before long, hotels in Korea were hiring out “doll experience rooms” for around 25,000 won per hour ($25)….
2946	Before moving in make sure you have a good look at the flat for any signs of mould or damp.
2947	Before moving to Ryedale she lived and worked as an artist in Lincolnshire after studying Graphic Design and Illustration at Lincoln College of Art.
2948	Before Richard and Brenda owned the property, the previous family owners had lived there for nearly 100 years, it is indeed a much loved home.
2949	Before setting off on your Microadventure, here are a few simple things to keep in mind.
2950	Before the bridge ends, go down the steps to your left, to St Albans City Station.
2951	Before the carnival itself, carnival queen Summer Warren will be crowned in the Pannier Market at 12noon.
2952	Before the children could put paint on their brushes, they visited St Phillips Cathedral in Birmingham city centre and St Barnabas in Erdington to be inspired by the real thing and learn more about the buildings.
2953	Before the closures, the bank will be running "tea and teach" sessions within the branches, where customers can ask any questions they may have and staff can educate them on alternative banking methods.
2954	Before the digestif reaches your stomach, eliminate its traces in the same way as with a liqueur stain, i.e. first with alcohol and then with warm soapsuds.
2955	Before the event we had a lot of work because we had to build up two new cars.
2956	Before the hearing, you'll need to prepare what you want to say about the repair problem.
2957	Before the move from their Spencer Avenue house could be made, an extension was required for the family of seven.
2958	Before the towing path commences, a space of a few hundred yards intervenes, through which the boat was worked through locks, and among numerous craft, by pushing and hauling, from one to the other, by boat hooks.
2959	Before using one of the Scheme’s logos, please ensure you comply with our logo usage policy by reading the Logo Usage Guidelines document.
2960	Before you become a victim, you need to know all about the age discrimination in employment.
2961	Before you can get your documents processed, you will need to read our Standard Rules and complete a Formal Undertaking & Authorised Signatories form.
2962	Before you contact us for advice, please check the questions and answers below to see whether your question or concern is covered here.
2963	Before you delay taking a pension income it's worth checking with your pension provider or scheme that no resulting charges or restrictions apply.
2964	Before you even think of working on your own vehicle, assess your situation.
2965	Before you make a complaint you should talk to them about what has gone wrong, in case they can fix it quickly for you.
2966	Before you start looking around, you must be clear about exactly what you can afford.
2967	Before you start writing, it’s important to map out at least a rough structure for your post by writing your subheadings out.
2968	Before you try elsewhere, go to and search for what you need.
2969	Began in 1850 and completed in 1868, Morgan Hospital was founded by John Morgan, a returning nabob.
2970	Begin by setting your bet level and the number of lines you want in play using the left and right arrows next to the LEVEL and COIN VALUE tabs.
2971	Beginners and experienced martial artists are always warmly welcomed at our schools and the first visit is always free.
2972	Beginning in 2004, the Stonewall WEI measures how supportive and inclusive companies and organisations are with regard to equality for their LGBTI staff.
2973	Beginning the debate Maria Caulfield said “Last week saw the launch in Parliament of the ‘Autism and education in England 2017’ report of an inquiry, which was co-chaired by myself and my hon.
2974	Behaviour Therapy is a form of psychotherapy which seeks to improve the way a person feels by changing what they do.
2975	"Behind all this is the unfortunate idea that women are worth less than men, and above all that priests are everything in the church while sisters are nothing," Sister Paul said.
2976	Behind-the-scenes footage from the Cherries' New Year's Day trip to the Amex Stadium.
2977	Be honest – have you ever looked beyond the first page of results when searching for something online?
2978	Being 34.5cm wide by a generous 64cm high, this elegant planter will add height to your patio, courtyard or garden displays.
2979	Being able to assess attachment problems may also be helpful for staff working regularly with a child in order to establish whether an intervention has been successful or if more support is needed.
2980	Being able to claim that a product is cruelty-free is the most important packaging claim for a beauty product.
2981	Being able to make quick mental calculations is as much a necessity today as it has always been, notwithstanding advances in technology.
2982	Being able to reduce the risk of myopic pathology such as glaucoma, retinal detachment and myopic maculopathy is also extremely appealing to parents.
2983	Being able to set-off 100% of the earlier losses against these significant one-off profits can make the rescue viable.
2984	Being able to train staff to deliver new initiatives alongside other commitments.
2985	Being able to write meant that Avnish was often called on to write letters and fill out official forms on behalf of those affected by leprosy who could not do so themselves.
2986	Being a Creative Pioneer has given me unbelievable exposure to the breadth of work agencies do.
2987	Being addicted to yoga, I'm fairly flexible; my leg came up so quickly I almost knocked him out.
2988	Being a GOOD driver is about more than handling a car.
2989	Being a local family run business we will offer you a fair deal for any items you wish to sell.
2990	“Being a member of the IAG has helped me in many ways”
2991	Being an LEC in Germany, would I be entitiled to the 3 day special leave.
2992	Being a small business owner has made me rethink and re look at life.
2993	Being at the Royal Wedding was 'truly amazing'
2994	Being civil is the key.
2995	Being disciplined and careful is the best way to manage a credit card effectively.
2996	Being fairly new to the BDSM world, I was looking for a flogger that didn't look too intimidating.
2997	Being honest, can anybody think of a good reason that allows estate agents as a group, or indeed estate agency as an industry, to exist in isolation without any recourse or relationship to what is happening in the real world?
2998	Being in a lower set for your GCSEs may affect your A-level and higher education options.
2999	Being independent of any one manufacturer is our is one of our key strengths.
3000	Being in the piano service since 1988, we are always more than happy to take on all services in Isleworth, no matter how big or small.
3001	Being involved in so many sports clubs and organisations, McQuilkin was keen to stress the additional feel-good factor that can be gained for the company, when partnering a winning team: “If you’re successful, it’s because you’ve got a well-oiled machine.
3002	Being involved in the NSMNSS network since its beginning has been an ongoing delight for me.
3003	Being Ken, he'd put his own ailments on one side the instant Pam was taken ill.
3004	Being low-maintenance with brick-walling and fencing on the perimeters and path.
3005	Being name checked on the Queen’s New Year’s honours list is perhaps the greatest accolade that could ever be bestowed.
3006	Being on my own this week hasn't been too bad louise.
3007	Being out on a night shift with an on-track machine was a great experience.
3008	Being overweight can make your symptoms worse.
3009	Being overweight puts more strain on your joints and makes your symptoms worse.
3010	• Be in receipt of or entitled to free school meals.
3011	Be inspired and get out of here on the cheap!
3012	Be inspired by our stylishly simple ‘rustic woodland’ themed mantle.
3013	Be kept me inside his lodge and began to take the details.
3014	Belfast Holyland home fire caused by 'pot on the stove'
3015	Believed to have taken place last year, the theft was uncovered following a sudden rise in complaints about scam calls between October and December 2014.
3016	Believing that only in America can they make a fresh start, brother and sister leave Liverpool and embark on the greatest adventure of their lives.
3017	Belize offshore IBC is not required to file tax returns or other type of declaration to the government in respect to sources of income.
3018	Belle Vue are in town on Thursday and we need to be winning that, it’s not going to be easy,” said Rossiter.
3019	Bellevue Lagomonte has bagged a scenic lakeside spot.
3020	Below, a fully lit insulated plastered ceiling was installed which followed the contours of the existing conservatory roof.
3021	Below are illustrations of the many door finishes and colours available in the Cucina Colore kitchen range.
3022	Below are the details of the current projects being run by or with Surrey's Youth Workers.
3023	Below are the events we highly recommend committing to the calendar.
3024	Below is a list of organisations which may be of interest to you.
3025	Below is a video featuring Louise produced in the run up to the 2014 European Elections.
3026	Below is indicative pricing to act as a guide to the costs at Vernon Court, Brighton.
3027	Below is the detail relating to the information that we gathered from aspect.
3028	Below is the detail relating to the information that we gathered from indiabusinessyellowpages.com website.
3029	Below the flat are a cluster of shops.
3030	Below we have provided some answers to frequently asked questions surrounding the new video platform iFollow.
3031	Below we set out our assessment.
3032	Below you can read the breakdown of each: - Section A: Introduction to Objects - Course Opening - What is an Object?
3033	Benchmarking your cost base to find out what you should be paying is another essential task, and pretty-straight forward to do these days.
3034	Benefit from up to a 90% reduction in energy usage and costs as well as the same in your CO2 emissions from lighting.
3035	Benefiting from; Stainless steel sink and drainer, electric cooker and hob with over head cooker hood, bar style dining table and seats, integrated appliances including; double fridge/freezer and washing machine.
3036	Benefits from the free of charge Premium Pack mentioned above.
3037	Benefits include a competitive salary, 22 days holiday, Contributory Pension Scheme, Life Assurance, health cover and annual bonus.
3038	Benefits in kind are declared on a form called a P11D.
3039	“Benfleet Running Club made some changes this year including chip timing, medals and options around entrance all of which seem to have resonated with the runners.
3040	Benjamin was not concerned with anything so general as “analysing how society works or the role of culture within it”.
3041	Ben & Jerry’s has joined in the call for widespread climate justice.
3042	Bennett sustained his presence in advanced positions and was a constant outlet for Rovers.
3043	Ben Pocock had initially been granted permission to convert The Dutch Barn in Lee, into a home, but a later application was refused to convert the land at into residential space.
3044	Bentley Park is a fantastic outdoor space steeped in history, renowned for its beautiful pavilion and the borough's only water play area.
3045	Be part nfl fantasy football 2018 week 10 of this offer.
3046	Be part of something bigger.
3047	Be part of the teams making a daily, direct difference to people’s lives.
3048	Bergen is the countryâ€™s second largest city and makes a popular base from which tourists can explore the fjords of Hordaland.
3049	Berkshire is a popular horse racing destination.
3050	Berkshire Local History Association provide information about Berkshire.
3051	Berlin is a great getaway choice for couples.
3052	Berlin will inspire your students which is home to some of the most impressive architecture in the world reflected in the design of the city’s museums and iconic landmarks.
3053	Bernard competed in the world championships (now MotoGP) between 1975 and 1983, with a best championship position of 11 in the 500cc (Premier) class in 1981 and second privateer rider.
3054	Bertrand de Billy is one of that select band of conductors, along with Plasson and Fournillier, who really understands the composer’s idiom, knows how to breathe with the music and shade it, and the orchestra played very well for him.
3055	‘Be safe out there’: Bizarre street sign shows a bicycle and skid sign – only to be paired with the warning ‘mangoes’
3056	Be selective if you are considering an increase, take risk into consideration and do not do it for the whole loan book.
3057	“Besides being a remarkably good and lively person, Brian Nicholls was a committed professional who wholeheartedly built the newspaper from the foundations laid down by its promoters,” said Gulf Times founding managing director Yousuf Jassem al-Darwish.
3058	Besides Glacier Bay National Park, mountain goats can be found throughout Southeast Alaska, including the Ketchikan, Juneau and Skagway areas.
3059	Besides his appointment as director of the National Film and Television School, Nik Powell remains the Chairman and also Director of Scala Productions.
3060	Besides, the pirates came from Puntland, a comparatively peaceful region with a relatively functional local government, judiciary and security force.
3061	Beside these questions, he is interested in the related issue of contingentism versus inevitabilism in science.
3062	Bespoke Content Writing in Kells - Get Your MobiThis website may use cookies.
3063	Bespoke for Brides - custome made, handmade, wedding invitations and stationery.
3064	Best known for his bodice-ripping adaptations of classic novels such as Pride And Prejudice, Bleak House and War And Peace, screenwriter Andrew Davies is now turning Victor Hugo’s Les Miserables into a BBC drama series.
3065	Best known for their transparent "invisible" plates which allow wallpaper or paint to show through, British brand have been making decorative light switches and sockets for over 28 years.
3066	Best Mobile Campaign – ‘Squaring up to mobile’
3067	Best new rare migrant today was a around Uphouse and the shop area on Bressay.
3068	Best suited for people wanting a land based activity that will challenge and activate their muscles.
3069	Best tanning bed where I been!
3070	Best wishes to all at Ingrid Flutes Mike and Margaret Walsh and Brenda Stone.
3071	Be sure not to miss any of the content on the homepage either as this is where you’ll find special offers, featured items and more.
3072	Be sure to be covered for all of life's eventualities with Aviva Life Insurance.
3073	Be sure to check out the range of colourful summer clutch bags.
3074	Be sure to select the correct vehicle size so that you get the best fare for your journey.
3075	Bethany Whymark finds out what makes them so popular.
3076	Be the first to comment on Sea Palling.
3077	Be the first to review Elstead Lighting Kennington Wall Lantern Verdi.
3078	Be the first to review Eurolite Polished Chrome 10A 1Gang 2Way Switch ECPC1SWPCW.
3079	Be the first to review “Memory Lane”
3080	Be the first to review MK White 1Module Secondary Telephone Socket, K421WHI.
3081	Be the first to review Searchlight LED Picture Light - 51x LED, Satin Silver, Adjustable Head 2984-51SS.
3082	Be the first to review Speedo Biofuse Aquatic Swimming Grey Ear Plugs.
3083	Be the first to review “Value Garden Shed Apex Style”
3084	Be the lady in red at the wedding with from Very.
3085	Better energy efficiency means a reduction in carbon emissions and lower heating bills, helping you save money.
3086	Better engagement of residents in decision-making about their homes and estates.
3087	Better — if you want to eat dreams for £95 a head.
3088	Better, I think, to privatise all non-frontline specialist departments like the CID.
3089	Better pay and greater flexibility are just two of the benefits you could enjoy by making the leap.
3090	Better value can be found by dropping down to the Lumia 630, but if you want a 5in Windows phone this is a decent option.
3091	Better yet, they also get the operator to provide customer service and billing – taking on the risk of collected revenue as the system design and operability.
3092	Betton Farm is a farm, farm shop and bakery, tearoom and restaurant all-in-one.
3093	Between 0100 hours and 1130 hours 17th June 06 unknown offender/s have stolen a 5’ tall Bay Tree from outside a business premises on High Street, Henley in Arden.
3094	Between 18:00 hours on Wednesday 23rd March and 11:00 hours on Thursday 24th March unknown offender/s have gained entry to the rear garden of a house on Malthouse Lane, Earlswood.
3095	Between 1905 and 1907 an additional 6 acres of land were acquired from the adjoining dye works and development continued.
3096	Between 1 and 5cm of snow called fall across the region this weekend as strong easterly winds take hold once again.
3097	Between 1 and 7 February, there will be a big push nationally, encouraging people to register to vote ahead of the PCC (Police and Crime Commissioner) elections across the country – including in Gloucestershire - on Thursday 5 May.
3098	Between one and five people in every 100 with Barrett's oesophagus go on to develop oesophageal cancer in their life-time, a form of cancer that can be difficult to treat, particularly if not caught early enough.
3099	Between Quarter 1 (Jan to Mar) 2017 and Quarter 2 (Apr to June) 2017, the total trade deficit (goods and services) widened by £0.1 billion to £8.9 billion.
3100	Between them, Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe provided one of sport’s greatest ever rivalries.
3101	Between the two candidates, May is less analytical than Corbyn, laying out her ideas in a ‘somewhat simpler fashion’ than her adversary.
3102	Between walking off the pitch at Derby on the final day of the 2015/16 season and his eight-minute cameo at Fulham on Tuesday night, 605 days passed without the 26-year-old kicking a ball in anger.
3103	Beyond that limit, the defects must be classified as wear and tear and will not be covered by the vehicle warranty unless a clear manufacturing defect is identified.
3104	Beyond, the ascent to Sgurr Fhuaran beyond is again steep and bouldery.
3105	Beyond the timetable, Theatre has an indelible presence at Roedean.
3106	Beyond the universe of the mind, there is little except fortuitous encounter or an imposed pattern which derives from myth (hence the title).
3107	BFI IMAX was opened in 1999, made possible thanks to a phenomenal £15 million grant from the Arts Council of England's Lottery Fund.
3108	B Glamorous Hair and Beauty in consett, co durham is a home based beauty room catering for every womens beauty need.
3109	‘Bias’ can be defined as ‘inclination or prejudice for or against one person or group, especially in a way considered to be unfair.’
3110	Bibis IT Solutions are a nationwide on and off-line supplier of IT equipment hardware, software and accessories.
3111	Bicton Park are inviting you to meet their resident witch, see whether she has a trick or treat up her sleeve for you and ride the spooky Hallowe’en train.
3112	BIDBI has seen shipment times reduce by four weeks and it has since been able to fulfil its expansion potential, with an impressive 35% growth on the previous 12 months.
3113	Bids to be received no later than 7.00pm on Tuesday 3 May 2017 or they will not be processed in time for the auction.
3114	Bids to gather funds to develop vacant land at Belasis Business Park, outside Billingham, money to explore extra parking and an extension to the former Victoria Estate through a “Norton Road Gateway” were also on the agenda.
3115	BIFM has launched the 2018 Membership Survey.
3116	B. If your work is not linked to your programme of study, you will need to work throughout your course in order to qualify for living cost support.
3117	Big bonus was the owner collecting us from the airport and giving us a brief overview of Carcassone on the way to the property.
3118	Big tables can be a real pain to move around the house so its a godsend just to be able to take the legs off every now and then.
3119	Big thanks to voters and a big thank you to all members and supporters through the election period and also a big thank you to my election agent Ken Peterson, and all the hard work he has been doing and indeed continues to do.
3120	BIG TOM has a solid reputation in providing a service to deliver on customer expectations.
3121	Bikers, cyclists and children are welcome!
3122	Bikes can be too expensive for the majority of people in the poorest parts of Africa, while the skills needed to maintain them might not exist.
3123	Bike shop, repairs while-u-wait.
3124	Billetto may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices on the Services.
3125	Billing Aquadrome - Attractions - Northampton - Northampton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
3126	Billionaire wealth rose by an average of 13% a year between 2006 and 2015 – six times faster than the wages of ordinary workers.
3127	Billy Martin, Ulster Wool Growers Ltd. said, “We are proud to sponsor the Northern Irish team for this competition.
3128	Binding newspapers into volumes was a practical way of keeping them together and protecting the pages from physical damage as well as, to some degree, harmful light and particulates.
3129	Biology is taught as part of a Key Stage 3 Science course during Years 7 and 8, whereas in Year 9 students begin a programme of study based around GCSE Biology.
3130	Biosolids are usually treated in large tanks called digesters and much of the water is removed to produce a material that can be spread on fields used for growing crops.
3131	BIPRU 13.4 CCR mark to market method - FCA Handbook This website uses cookies.
3132	Birds can fly away but the nests and eggs that are left behind are destroyed.
3133	Bird's eye view of the fabulous Cheddar Gorge.
3134	Birds of prey continue to be killed, despite the fact that it is illegal and has been for decades.
3135	Birds of prey soar over Vane Hill as roe deer forage for food below.
3136	Birdsong’s gingham dress is handmade by a women’s charity in Limehouse.
3137	Birds were given doses equivalent to less than a single corn seed and within hours became weak, developed stomach problems and stopped eating.
3138	Bird watchers will particularly appreciate the views from the path of the thousands of seabirds clinging to the cliff face.
3139	Birlea have created a range of classic bed frames using faux leather, which looks just like the real thing at a fraction of the cost!
3140	Birthdays on Stockton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
3141	Birthplace of the world-famous playwright, Stratford-Upon-Avon is one of the country's must-visit destinations.
3142	Bishop Fleming provide an additional scheme that offers six face-to-face counselling sessions and telephone counselling for employees.
3143	Bishop Gate by Coventry artist, David Hale.
3144	Bishops finished 12 points clear of their nearest rivals and McIntosh admitted the full house of league trophies was something they had targeted.
3145	Bituminous Pavements Standard PracticeUnited States.
3146	BJSS responded to this on 15 March to say that Mr Basra's employment had already been terminated on 3 March (ie the date of Mr Basra's acceptance email) by agreement.
3147	Black and white graphic of the aforementioned power pylon at frame-right, with text displaying at frame-left.
3148	Black and white panel hoody with Wimborne RFC club badge embroidery on centre chest, in junior sizes.
3149	Blackbaud does not conduct automated decision-making on its potential or current customers.
3150	Black in colour, this pair of shorts from Reebok features contrast brand name and logo printed on the right and left leg.
3151	Black Sail is fortunate enough to lie on the crossing of several well used paths.
3152	Black stained wood is very trendy right now – why not consider a dark stained wood floor with a white gloss kitchen, and black furniture for a really sleek, modern look?
3153	Blackstar is a fast growing, dynamic audio engineering company, whose award-winning products are known for innovation and great tone.
3154	Black Swan star Mila Kunis is yet another star who has chosen Lebanese couturier Elie Saab to dress them for the biggest night in the Hollywood calendar.
3155	Blaenau Gwent Domestic Abuse Services will be leading the project which will ask local groups and organisations to come up with solutions and project ideas as part of a new Home Office scheme which aims to tackle domestic abuse at community level.
3156	Blair came to power by saying "tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime" and failed the people miserably.
3157	Blake's Wood, Danbury Common and Copt Hall are all great for walks, then there's Hatfield Forest, an ancient royal hunting forest.
3158	Blaming themselves and worrying about being abandoned or sent away.
3159	Blanch House is licensed for Weddings – so you can have an intimate ceremony & reception in the same venue.
3160	Bleeding: a small amount of bleeding is to be expected, but if this becomes excessive or continuous then this may be a problem.
3161	Blockchain is all about storing and processing sensitive information – like financial transactions or voting records – on lots of different computers, rather than sticking it in all in one place.
3162	Blocks are the best.
3163	Bloomingdale’s, also owned by Macy’s, posted its 11th quarter of declines in same store sales in Q3.
3164	Bloor Homes is set to begin working on the site later this year and will deliver much-needed homes for Derbyshire.”
3165	Blossoming Flowers and Gifts At Blossoming Gifts, we have a wide range of great value flowers and gifts for all occasions.
3166	Blue Bay is a food outlet with a choice of meals and drinks to take away.
3167	Bluebird Care Redbridge provides the highest quality of live in care, leading the field in customer service.
3168	Blurred Lines is “creepy” and “a bit rapey,” says one observer.
3169	BMW also claims it has improved access to the saloon boot.
3170	BMW cars currently in stockAt Motorland Saltash we aim to bring you the widest choice of used cars in SALTASH, CORNWALL and at great prices.
3171	Boarders enjoyed Easter games yesterday evening, including egg and spoon races and an Easter egg hunt, complete with Easter bunnies.
3172	Boarding is part of our DNA.
3173	Boarding was a breeze, however leaving the ship for excursions was not.
3174	Board - Suffolk Chamber of CommerceForgot your password?
3175	Boasting a stunning sparkling 0.40 carat total weight diamond focal point and an endearing 9 carat white gold finish, this forever ring will complement and enhance your favourite daytime and evening ensembles with effortless ease.
3176	Boat trips are also part of the service provided by charity - Photo: Disability ShetlandIt's clear that Disability Shetland is more than just a job to the trustees.
3177	Bobby George (The King of Bling) makes his 4th visit to Stornoway having previously played in the Caberfeidh, Heb and the Rangers Club.
3178	Bob passed away at Prince Philip Hospital, Llanelli, on Tuesday, January 26, after a short illness.
3179	BoConcept are contemporary furniture retailers offering the latest in modern furniture and accessories.
3180	Boden, who started the 2018 season as head coach of the club’s Alliance side, says his long association with the club increased his feeling of satisfaction about taking the position.
3181	Bogus callers may pose as "officials", be smartly dressed and even produce an ID card.
3182	Boils the water quickly and is easy to lift when full but the metal parts get quite hot and it’s quite noisy.
3183	Bold created several logo concepts which were reviewed by the team, with consultation from Link Schemes and Community Minibus groups.
3184	Bold looks, innovative technology and incredible flexibility thanks to a spacious interior, make the Toyota Auris Touring Sports worth serious consideration.
3185	Bolt continued to close on Bolton and with the chequered flag waiving the pair approached the finish line flat out with Bolton just ahead.
3186	Bolton Council is calling for more people to provide children with a loving home.
3187	Bolton Council’s Executive Cabinet Member for Environmental Services, Cllr Nick Peel, said: “We’re making good progress with our LED programme and we’re on target to finish in 2018.
3188	Bolton Museum’s exciting new tribute to ancient Egypt could be open to the public by Spring 2018.
3189	Bomford has many anachronistic amenities hidden in its historic housing and also in its companion kitchen and bathroom wagon.
3190	Bond yields act as long-term interest rates, so as they decline, businesses and households should be encouraged to borrow.
3191	‘Bongo Bongo’, racist vans and the act of ‘othering’
3192	Bonnie Maclaren checking her results.
3193	Book 3 includes: numbers to ten thousand, 10ths/100ths, multiplication and division tables and averages.
3194	Booked our appointment to give notice.
3195	Booking essential, ring 0114 258 0901.
3196	Booking in advance is definitely recommended for this eatery.
3197	Booking is essenital, over 18's only.
3198	Bookings are now being taken for New Year’s Eve Dinner and Live Entertainment £39.95ph Why not stay over?
3199	Bookings available 7 days a week.
3200	Bookings can be made by completing our online booking form.
3201	Bookmakers have taken the axe to a raft of odds on May weather records tumbling over the next fortnight.
3202	Bookmaker William Hill branded the decision a "tough challenge" and warned it could see around 900 of its betting shops become loss-making, with a "proportion" at risk of closure after the new £2 limit comes into effect.
3203	Book one of our Widnes hotels and you’ll be right at the heart of this must-visit town.
3204	Book Online Now at Riah Hair & Beauty for Ladies Cut, Mens Cut, Blowdry By continuing to use our services you consent to our use of cookies.
3205	Booksellers can upload their inventory using their choice of software or our free bookstore management software, HomeBase, available for download off our website.
3206	Books in the library, cards available on request, musical instruments kept in the library – African drums, guitar, didgeridoo.
3207	Book your pitch today.
3208	Boosts must be selected within 60 days of notification of eligibility and will be added when you purchase your next pack.
3209	Borders Family History Society publishes a magazine on Scottish Border family history 3 times a year.
3210	Boris Johnson told a US audience that Article 50 would be invoked in early 2017 and that a British exit could then be completed within two years, only for 10 Downing Street to counter that the timetable was not yet decided.
3211	Born Free epitomises my ideals; I love their compassionate approach to conservation and I have always agreed with keeping ‘wildlife in the wild’.
3212	Born in cambridgeshire, Jim joined the firm in 1976, after obtaining an engineering degree.
3213	Born in London, he moved to Brighton and Hove, starting work on the Herald in 1941.
3214	Born two weeks early at 12.07pm on Saturday 19 May, Eshaal Emaan now shares her birthday with a wedding celebration the whole world will remember.
3215	“Borrowers wanting to redeem the Government equity loan as part of their remortgage can choose any of our competitive range of home loans up to 90% LTV.
3216	BOSE Personal Edition and Tekna trims let you pick the colour of key interior parts to suit your character, style, and sense of fashion.
3217	Bosses hope to expand the offering by transforming the old vaults beneath the hotel into a new events space in the year ahead, if plans are approved.
3218	Both allow businesses to release the working capital tied up in their unpaid invoices.
3219	Both casual play and club matches take place throughout the season at each site.
3220	Both companies had large tied estates of public houses on either side of the Pennines, making a formidable combination to combat any raid by a takeover bidder.
3221	Both courses are also available on a part-time basis, running over two years.
3222	Both examples were new calculations using existing data, from UNHCR, the World Bank, and the International Organization for Migration, choosing data that would stir emotions, particularly in the case of deaths that rekindled memories of Alan Kurdi.
3223	Both Forward Asset and Farrell Motor Company are delighted at this continued partnership for 2013/2014.
3224	Both have raced single seaters but soon found running teams and securing sponsorship money better matched their talents.
3225	Both he and Private Wilkinson had seen and been involved in some of the most horrific scenes the world had ever seen and had come through unscathed, only to lose their lives earning an honest living working for the coal mines.
3226	Both Knebworth and Stevenage stations offer an excellent fast and frequent rail service to Kings Cross.
3227	Both measures of confidence in house values declined, moving them further away from their post-EU referendum highs of this time last year.
3228	Both of our MINI sites have undergone recent refits, meaning they're as sharp and sophisticated as you'd expect from MINI.
3229	Both of them provide the payroll solution to the companies.
3230	Both of these activities can break down the surface enamel, leading to dentin exposure.
3231	“Both of these awards are testament to the hard work of our team at CPMG.
3232	Both of these exceptions are subject to the consultation and so the final rules may be different.
3233	Both of those appear to be true in my case, at least.
3234	Both of us are here every day and patients can usually choose who they want to see and we work every week with local pharmacies as there are a few around us."
3235	Both P6/7 races were won by east schools, as Zara Gill (Cullen) and Bruce Newlands (Millbank) couldn't be caught.
3236	Both parents excellent working HPR and can be seen.
3237	Both scored an excellent long range point.
3238	Both scored in the 4-1 rout of the Beach Boys which all but guaranteed Rocks’ safety in the division for another season.
3239	Both sectors of the working class are immersed in a much greater urban mass of the self-employed, the unemployed and small businesses dependent on family labour.
3240	Both sisters admitted flytipping the waste on four separate occasions and were given a community order and tagging order.
3241	Both teams were unsettled by the uncertainty and it was a real test of conviction as to who could focus the quickest.
3242	Both the Big Five and Myers-Briggs Type tests are effective options for proper team building personality types.
3243	Both the fastest and slowest 4G speeds were recorded in London, with a measurement of 27.4Mbps on EE and 8.9Mbps with O2.
3244	Both the Graduate School and your host School will offer a number of relevant training events during the course of your studies.
3245	Both the Samanids and the Buyids revived the old Sasanian title of ‘King of Kings’ (
3246	Both treatments have their pros and cons and possible side-effects.
3247	Both types of courses include practical placements and qualify you to work as a professional radiographer.
3248	Both wet and electric UFH can be safely used.
3249	Both will be available to answer as many questions as possible.
3250	Both work well as tests for bowel cancer.
3251	Bottas added: “We tried to get through Q2 with the UltraSoft, but we realised we didn’t have enough pace for that.
3252	Bottled unfiltered to preserve as much character as possible.
3253	Boudica’s amassed force then descended upon Colchester (), then the Roman capital city of Britannia, burning it to the ground.
3254	Bought a stove fan and it spins away merrily, But, that all it does. if you want an interesting looking mobile ornament then its for you. as to making the slightest difference to the temperature anywhere in the room, forget it.
3255	Bought my car today from Excel, so impressed with the professionalism and customer service, will be recommending to friends and family.
3256	Bought this bra for my OH and it fits her 38C boobs perfectly.
3257	Bought two of these little robins, one as a gift for a friend and the other for myself which has settled itself on my kitchen window sill.
3258	Bournemouth based design agency specialising in Online, Print and Product Design.
3259	Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra celebrates its 125th anniversary with a variety of events for all the family at the weekend including a gala concert at Bournemouth Pavilion on Saturday evening.
3260	Bournemouth University delivers a great student experience, and has invested heavily in ensuring their learning and social spaces are modern and attractive.
3261	Bourne Seconds were dismissed for 66 before the away side posted a score of 67 for the loss of just two wickets.
3262	Boutique 23, on Warner Street, also had £40 in cash stolen by Murphy, and almost £1,000 of damage was caused as a result.
3263	Bowel cancer is the 4th most common type of cancer affecting people in the UK.
3264	Bow House have been providing inspirational website solutions since the 1990s - so we have the experience and the expertise you need to produce creative online strategies with sites that grab your visitors’ attention and hold it.
3265	Box and papers February 2018.
3266	Boy, 14, 'murdered his "abusive drunk'' father after fighting over his unfinished math homework but insists he didn't mean to kill student, six, at elementary school where he opened fire later that day'
3267	Boylesports are offering new customers a free £20 bet and the chance to get twice the price on their First Goalscorer wagers.
3268	Boynton wasn’t suited by being left in front at Newmarket last time out and is still a work in progress at the moment.
3269	BOY, Roald Dahl's bestselling autobiography, is full of hilarious anecdotes about his childhood and school days, illustrated by Quentin Blake.
3270	BPEX Pig Health Scheme (BPHS) provides farmer members and their vets with regular post mortem assessments from pigs submitted to 14 specialist abattoirs in England.
3271	BPS Division of Sport & Exercise Psychology Conference 2010, London, UK.
3272	Brackenhurst is situated in tranquil Snowdonia National Park, just 15 minutes’ drive from Dolgellau on the beautiful West Wales coast.
3273	Bradford Glass Merchants listing you would like to add to this page?
3274	Bradford People First is a self-advocacy group run by and for people with learning disabilities within the Bradford District.
3275	Bradford Soft Furnishings listing you would like to add to this page?
3276	Bradley Wiggins’ Tour de France victory and a desire to avoid busy public transport services during the Olympics could see more people cycle to work.
3277	Bradley Wynne, creative lead for Merlin Magic Making, came up with the terrifying concept after previously working on Nemesis Sub Terra, Galactica and CBeebies Land at the resort.
3278	Brakspear and guest ales are on offer, plus traditional and New World wines.
3279	Bramford's Jean Pierre Akakpo squandered a good chance as he got clear.
3280	Branded knits are always a fashion favourite, and this Nike Advance Men’s hoodie will make a great new addition to any spring wardrobe.
3281	Branding is essential in this consumers led society and this scheme, which will be delivered by Trading Standards, is aimed at supporting and promoting our unique local creative economy and heritage, food and drink and local produce.
3282	Brand marketing mistakes can affect consumers’ perspective of a company.
3283	Brand new EU04BZY continues the Dart/Pointer fleet number series by taking number DPS3.
3284	Brandon Tool Hire High Wycombe hire a range of Refina floor grinders for prepping epoxy and latex, removing adhesives and sealers, levelling and removing latex, ring 01494 429460 for details.
3285	Brass furniture is fitted as standard throughout, although Satin Chrome and other finishes are also available.
3286	Breach of an injunction can be itself a criminal offence.
3287	Breakfast is an event at The Glenview with an emphasis on quality, local ingredients prepared with passion to set you up for a day exploring.
3288	Breakfast, lunch and dinner with the best local organic products is included.
3289	Breaking down the figures, ABI said that, of the 33,861 tyres they changed in 2012, over half of these (59.47 per cent) were subject to 'normal wear and tear' and that punctures beyond repair were responsible for 15.64 per cent of the replacements.
3290	Breaking in enclosed spacesThis sheet describes good practice using respiratory protective equipment (RPE) and water suppression.
3291	Breaking the data down by age group gives us a better idea of the dynamics at play, and also an indication of what might happen over the coming years.
3292	“BREAKTHROUGH Dundee is in an exciting period of development and so Jenny joins at a crucial time.
3293	Breast feeding benefits are overwhelmingly numerous in counts and prove to be the best thing for your new born ba.
3294	Breast pain is not a symptom of breast cancer.
3295	Breathable and comfortable ankle sock with anti-slip rubber grips.
3296	Breathe deeply - it helps calm and relax your body.
3297	Breeding occurs throughout the year but especially in the spring and autumn.
3298	Bremont have their heritage firmly placed in Aviation, a feature which can be easily identified in their stunning designs.
3299	Brendan Bergin, the proprietor of Bergin Equine in County Wicklow has become one of the first people to achieve their BHS Stage 5 through The British Horse Society’s scholarship program.
3300	Brendon from Folkestone driving school is a fully qualified DSA licensed driving instructor with over 12 years experience teaching people how to drive around the Folkestone area.
3301	Brent ranks joint tenth, with Waltham Forest, while Tower Hamlets tops the list, with one in every two youngsters found to be living under poor conditions according to the research.
3302	Brewery workers brew and package beer.
3303	Brexit has brought attention to what has been a long brewing crisis in the UK land-based workforce.
3304	“Brexit negotiations begin next week and I fear the UK is now severely compromised ahead of those discussions.
3305	Brian Matthews slams angry Airbnb guest saying she should've 'power washed toilet'
3306	Bribery, corruption and the evasion of sanctions pose a serious risk to the UK's national security, economic prosperity and international reputation.
3307	Brick and pan tiled wash house currently used as a store.
3308	Brickfield and agriculture used to be the major businesses in the town about two centuries ago.
3309	Bridal Makeup in Stratford - Raks Bridal - Enjoy exploring our site.
3310	Bridge Hill House is located in the historic Belper Gateway to the Peak District and very close to Derby.
3311	Bridgend cottage homes and green.
3312	Bridges can reduce your risk of gum disease, improve your bite and speech, and can help to increase your confidence.
3313	Briefly tough figuring it out at first but then easy.
3314	Brighten up your child's room with this high quality material, Spring Daisy Sky, from our Forest Friends collection.
3315	Bright light before bed time can impact sleeping patterns as the stimulation can make the mind more active when it should be preparing to relax for the night.
3316	Brighton Toy and Model Museum is a treasure trove of toys and models that extends over four thousand square feet of floorspace, through four of the Early Victorian arches supporting Brighton Railway Station's forecourt.
3317	Bright Sky Loans is based in Bath Street, Glasgow - see map for location of Bath Street.
3318	“Brilliant course, fantastic tutor.
3319	"Brilliant day, pitched well to the age group.
3320	Brilliant, just brilliant, we agree with everything the previous reviewers say.
3321	Brilliantly successful beginnings have led the alf group to make continuous research for quality its mission.
3322	Brilliant stuff and a great demonstration of golf at its best – well done Terry.
3323	Brindley tried to go round hills where possible but when this was not achievable he used a system of locks to move the canal boat up or down to a new level.
3324	Bring a camera and encourage your children to take photos of anything interesting they spot among the 25,000 waterfowl that take sanctuary in the reserve.
3325	Bring goods in by bulk, loads which cannot be manually handled.
3326	Bringing in some of the Motor City’s vibrations, the lone masked prince of Detroit, DJ Stingray, is joined by Shanti Celeste to showcase their high velocity DJ skills.
3327	Bringing nature indoors can help make a room feel like an oasis.
3328	Bringing new unique design features to each model, the Hyundai i10, i20 and i30 will be showcased in the colours of the French flag.
3329	Bringing these values into her own business she ensures that each piece is made with the utmost care and craftsmanship, creating unique fine jewellery to be treasured.
3330	Bringing together twelve makers from across the country who portray in a variety of ways and mediums.
3331	Bring on Chapter 3!
3332	Bring on Michael van Gerwen!
3333	Bring your boots and enjoy some wonderful walking, The White Horse Trail passes through Steeple Ashton.
3334	Bring your questions to share with the panel.
3335	Bring your robes, your White Russians and take some comfort in revisiting one of the Coens' best and most out there films.
3336	BRISTOL SALON: Invigorating body brushing and body scrub NEW!
3337	Bristol Security & Property Management Ltd is a security company offering a range of security solutions for businesses and other premises.
3338	Bristol St Peter's Hospital, board-room.
3339	Bristol Water now supplies well over a million people with water.
3340	Britain builds 40% of the world’s small satellites and one in four telecommunications satellites.
3341	Britain has come a long way in the past five years, a journey that has taken us from the brink of ruin to the fastest growing advanced economy in the world.
3342	Britain has engaged in an experiment ever since Margaret Thatcher’s day.
3343	Britain’s children are losing out when it comes to tax-efficient saving.
3344	Britain’s Got Talent judge took to the water with her family for a special trip to look for dolphins off the coast of Cornwall.
3345	Britain’s own Adam Smith Institute is also an integral part of the same worldwide network, as it grandiloquently states in its own publicity: “Using free markets to create a richer, freer, happier world.”
3346	Britain 'warns Brussels it could send RADIOACTIVE waste back to EU countries if Brexit talks turn sour'
3347	British and European cooking are served in the high-ceilinged, light and airy restaurant, the brasserie offers up buffet style breakfast and lunch and relaxed all-day dining, while the stylish Cocktail Lounge is perfect for late evening drinks.
3348	British artist Chinneck is no stranger to making this sort of eye-catching sculpture.
3349	British company LRCH is the developer behind the planned Entertainment Resort on the Swanscombe Peninsula in North Kent.
3350	British Gas have trained staff in all their showrooms to help you select an appliance which best meets your needs.
3351	British Gas' managing director, Phil Bentley has also forecast that energy bills could continue to increase over the next decade.
3352	British Legion Club on Lurgan TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
3353	British-Pakistani researchers have found that 84% of all people convicted since 2005 for the specific crime of gang grooming were Asian.
3354	British Sign Language (BSL) to run our user subscription service and collect anonymous visitor statistics using Google Analytics.
3355	Brixham have won the Cup for the past two years, and in fact are the only team to have beaten Exmouth in the cup since the 2010 season.
3356	Broadacres has once again been included in the prestigious Sunday Times list of the ‘Top 100 best not-for-profit organisations to work for’, after achieving – for the third consecutive time – a Best Companies accreditation.
3357	Broad beans seem quintessentially English because they have been with us for centuries.
3358	Broadcasting Entertainment Cinematograph and Theatre Union (BECTU) has information on current pay guidelines.
3359	Broadly, this is explained by reductions in grants to Local Authorities, with their borrowing running ahead of forecast.
3360	Brochures, leaflets, business cards, they don’t have to be just throwaway collateral.
3361	“Bromley is already a great place to live, work, relax and do business in; together we can and will make it even better still.”
3362	Bromley offers a mail or parcel receiving solution to meet almost every need.
3363	Broughshane and District Community Association Limited has headlined a colourful 2017 calendar, with the group's Braid Oil Club as the front cover, promoting both the existing reduced cost heating oil scheme and a series of important safety messages.
3364	Broughton Road, Edinburgh, City of EdinburghA centrally located apartment with room for up to two people.
3365	Brought to you by Viacom18 Motion Pictures, based in Mumbai, the plot is set in 1303 AD.
3366	Brownedge Festival: choir of the children of St Mary’s and St Benedict’s Primary School, 2pm; ‘Searching for Matthew’ a one act play about a local girl who went to France in search of the grave of her brother missing in action in the Great War, 7.30pm.
3367	Browse a range of high quality Residential Park Homes in the Lincolnshire, to own or to rent.
3368	Browse here for books from Bookmarks Publications and Redwords.
3369	Browse online today and get a great discount at the checkout with your Millennium Hotels vouchercode.
3370	Browse our current cars from 9 dealers in Northern Ireland, we also have 1 private listing near to you.
3371	Browse our Hospitality Brochure to order catering for your event at the University Centre.
3372	Browser-based, but designed to be installed and managed locally.
3373	Browse the book shop or pop into the cafe and enjoy something delicious and homemade while you're there.
3374	Browse their website and see what they have to offer.
3375	Browse through our selection of used and new holiday lodges for sale in Dorset below.
3376	Browsing the aisles on an empty stomach can leave your cupboards bursting with unwanted snacks, and your wallet empty.
3377	Bruce said: ‘We all had a fantastic day and it was great to be part of something that raised so much money for our chosen charity.
3378	Bruce's company of ten exceptional dancers bring Bram Stoker's haunting, erotic tale to life in a heart wrenching and magical dance theatre production.
3379	Brundall Road in Blofield, Norwich consists predominantly of detached houses.
3380	Bruno Andrade scored three goals in those games, and he’s on the mark here.
3381	Brushing your pup’s teeth is more significant than fixing stinky breath.
3382	Bryan Dick channels Simon’s mental confusion and paranoia well but doesn’t quite capture the insouciant charm of Self’s anti-hero.
3383	BSc (Hons) Construction Engineering Management explores how different parts of the construction process fit together, and how you can…
3384	BSPA Management Committee representative Damien Bates said: “With the new fixed race-nights of Monday and Wednesday at the top level, it also means Championship clubs are restricted over when they can stage meetings.
3385	B&S Roofing are your local roofing specialists.
3386	BTB Football Tips Free Daily Football Tips and Predictions.
3387	BTP was the first Police Force in Britain to use a computer to report and record crime.
3388	BubbLe Driving School have been teaching people to Drive within Bristol now for over 10 years.
3389	Bubbling to glaze near the foot, losses to tubelined decoration throughout.
3390	Buckinghamshire Fire & Rescue Service would like to thank the public for their vigilance tonight and during last night's four-hour strike.
3391	Buckinghamshire has a rich and varied landscape, ranging from the Thames and Colne valleys in the south, the chalk hills and valleys of the Chilterns, to the open clay Vale of Aylesbury in the north.
3392	Buckingham were now in control but Wimbledon, in need of a draw to secure promotion, would not give up and pressed forward as the spectacle flowed from end-to-end.
3393	Buckley said: “If everyone plays to their potential there is no reason why we can’t do well in the Premier Division.
3394	Budding young actress, Poppy attends Carlisle’s StagedRight Theatre, run by David McNeill and was delighted to be asked to feature in the video.
3395	Buderus launches CHP range to low-carbon commercial heating market.
3396	Budget is a blue print of what you want to do with your money.
3397	Budget Statement 2014 The Chancellor delivered his Budget Statement on 19 March.
3398	Buglife have worked closely with Phillip Parker Associates in 3 distinct areas: King’s Dyke Nature Reserve, Bradley Fen and Central Pit North No 2; which all form part of the Whittlesey Brick Pits complex.
3399	Build 300,000 homes a year by 2022, including half a million affordable and energy-efficient homes, with direct government commissioning where the market fails to deliver.
3400	Build a hideaway for the grown-ups in the form of an orangery, or an out-house that can be used as office space, an art & crafts area or simply a place to relax and unwind with a glass of wine – there’s no limits to what you can create!
3401	Building a single page to host all of these resources is only part of the work weâ€™re doing.
3402	Building Dementia-friendly Communities: A priority for everyone.
3403	Building firm Forrest has been tasked with delivering a £100m residential development next to Liverpool’s burgeoning Knowledge Quarter.
3404	Building on Prof Robert Thornton’s work on sexual networks, it advocates the use of a systems-analytic methodology characteristic of ecological thinking.
3405	Building science with respect to materials, structure, services and internal environment.
3406	Build up an understanding of the Group by exploring our website, visiting our social media channels and researching our products and services.
3407	Build your little boy`s seasonal wardrobe with style courtesy of this t-shirt by Levi`s.
3408	Built at Bremerhaven, Germany, in 1872, the ship had previously had an illustrious history, featuring most famously in the first successful navigation of the Northeast Passage from 1878 to 1880, having been caught in ice in the Bering Strait in1879.
3409	Built by city treasurer in C16 and extended at different times.
3410	Built in 1630 and situated in the hamlet of Thathall End is this Grade II listed semi-detached co.
3411	Built-in cupboards to either side of the chimney breast.
3412	Built into naturally sloping land just minutes outside of Truro, it has manmade banks created out of excavated soil, making its three-story structure near-invisible from the road.
3413	“Built of red brick elevations beneath a tiled roof, No 1 has generous, light and very well presented accommodation.
3414	Built on an archipelago of 118 small islands in 800 AC, Venice today is an extraordinary mixture of artistic and cultural influences which reach the city by land and most of all by sea.
3415	Bullies are not nice people, they are aware of what they are doing and of course they know what’s right and wrong.
3416	Bully boy James Jordan turns on actor in Celebrity Big Brother.
3417	Bullying is identified not only by what has actually been done but also by the effect that it has on the recipient.
3418	Bung the vegetables in a steamer.
3419	Buoyed by my athleticism I enthusiastically jumped on my bike parked up at the hostel – then jumped right off again to check the seat hadn’t been replaced by a razor blade.
3420	Burgess was arrested and admitted the offence during interview, although he could offer no explanation for his actions other than drunken concern for his brother.
3421	Burlington Stone is part of and Rob praises the Cavendish family, who own the business, as “really down-to-earth people”.
3422	Burnham United are in action tomorrow night (Wednesday, ko 7.30pm) at Street Reserves, but the Seasiders are without a match this coming weekend.
3423	Burnished floors on site.
3424	Burnley will play in the Europa League with the competition kicking off in late July, marking the end of a dream season for the Clarets.
3425	Burt she lost her seat in the 1931 election.
3426	Buses depart from London Victoria Coach Station and travel to the centre of Dublin.
3427	Bush Drive is a dirt track.
3428	Business Advice DirectoryAdvice: Must you stick to your standard reference?
3429	Business and Economics combines the relatively academic rigour of mainstream economics with the more practical and vocational perspective of business.
3430	BusinessCare gives employers the tools they need to comply with employment law, follow best HR practice and trade safely to protect their businesses.
3431	Business - Climate - WCBCThe UK, as a whole, has a temperate climate, characterised by warm wet summers, mild wet winters and low levels of humidity.
3432	Businesses are really starting to embrace digital transformation and it’s encouraging to see so many of them adopting cloud solutions.”
3433	Businesses beginning with L in Toome Shopping and Business directory - Toome TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
3434	Businesses 'do not understand EU data protection reforms'http://www.
3435	Business Rates are property based and are calculated by multiplying the property's rateable value by the rating multiplier (a rate in the pound).
3436	Bus lane and moving traffic restrictions (such as box junctions and banned turns) are enforced as normal on bank holidays.
3437	Bus route maps - Northamptonshire Highways You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
3438	Busses will pick up and drop off on the A99 near the Cafe.
3439	Bus travel for over 16s who are in school, college or training.
3440	But Acorus, the agency which submitted the bid, says it isn't breaking any rules.
3441	But a double substation from home boss Ian Chapman 20 minutes from time gave Burgess Hill a lot more forward momentum and subs Brandon Diau and Tim Cook combined for the latter to force the ball past keeper Tim Roberts some seven minutes later.
3442	But after a 76-run stand with Westley he failed to hook a Brad Wheal bouncer away from the prying hands of Vince at mid-on.
3443	But after the first race was out of the way (the board heats), I ended up treating the rest of the day as if it was your average Sunday competition.
3444	But Alfa has disappointed us before with cars that, in theory, should have been wonderful, yet the reality was a very different story.
3445	But all her teachers and schoolmates, who had been mobilized to work near the city center on that day died.
3446	But all I want to do is play and repay the fans for their loyalty by having a decent season.
3447	But all the evidence was there that they would not survive.”
3448	But ancient habitats are being lost at an alarming rate.
3449	But anyone who drink or drug drives is, I think, an absolute idiot, and we will catch you.”
3450	But apparent confirmation of a U-turn only came over the weekend, when a Treasury source said it was “not the right time” to make changes to pension tax relief.
3451	But as consumers become more and more hungry for the latest gadgets, from smart locks to iKettles, tradesmen will need to update their own technical know-how to future-proof their businesses.
3452	But as far as I’m concerned, I’ve just always tried to get better.
3453	But as lenders are constantly changing their criteria, and their appetites across different sectors vary, it can be tricky to keep an eye on what options are available for your business.
3454	But, as Melisa points out ‘It’s good to remember that your gifts are bought by your loved ones to mark the start of your new married life together and will build the foundation for your future home.
3455	But as we went through security and entered the gardens of Kensington Palace, we started to suspect that this might be something to do with the royals!
3456	But as you've perceived, my days in paradise may be numbered: he's started saying he thinks he should stop going in to the university as he's getting tired of it.
3457	But at least they know the gifts have gone to a good home”
3458	But at night, insiders say up to 20 delivery vans queue up at any one sign to pick up and drop off the packages that will be landing on our doorsteps just in time for Christmas.
3459	“But, at the beginning and end of the first half we conceded sloppy points to give Thatcham confidence and keep them in the game when perhaps they should not have been.
3460	But a UK-based business crime expert warned account holders could still be at risk if their cards were not reissued.
3461	But back to the engagement shoot.
3462	But BCC is strapped for funds.
3463	But because of the way we had designed the system, it meant I could lock in on a particular frequency of beep, maintain it, and just run that.
3464	But before that can work, we need to understand exactly what each gene does, and what diseases it is associated with.
3465	But being confident in your competence is what makes the difference in the care being delivered at the frontline.
3466	“But Brad and I will discuss this when the dust has settled.
3467	But brighter times are on the horizon.
3468	But by going through environmental permit data, TBIJ was able to find out which areas had the highest number of intensive livestock farms.
3469	But by the time he got his first, scored from the penalty spot after Nick Elliott had been fouled, Hoddesdon had taken a shock lead.
3470	But… can the general public be blamed when all they see represented in the media in regards to eating disorders is emaciated women?
3471	But cramp passengers in the back might not enjoy the drive as much, especially as it’s not as refined as some rivals.
3472	But Derrytresk went level when full forward Ronan O'Neill won the free that Niall Gavin converted, before Drumragh countered again for Cleary to win the free that he converted himself to regain the lead.
3473	But despite his romantic tendencies, he and Valerie - who have five children, 12 grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren - are celebrating St Valentine's Day in a low key style by having a meal and exchanging cards.
3474	But despite this, councils are rarely using it.
3475	But don’t take our word for it - come along the leafy lane and see for yourselves!
3476	But don’t think that Robin is working himself out of a job just yet… There’s still much unlisted material in the archives, and many other things for him to do.
3477	“But don’t worry, I’ll see you soon enough.”
3478	But Educational Studies isn't something that interests me.
3479	But even if this doesn’t sound like your home’s exterior, it doesn’t mean you can’t use some country style decor and design in your interiors.
3480	But evidence of a rebalancing of the economy towards investment and exports is hard to find.
3481	But Facebook members are consumers more than they are tech experts, developers and marketers, so the name is way too technical for the typical user.”
3482	But far from it, the visitors (overwhelmingly from overseas) seemed actually to be having a great time — maybe simply entering the museum is fulfilling a goal in itself, but I don’t think it was only that.
3483	But for a few dozen more ballot papers, she might have had a colleague in Benali Hamdache, but there are no shades of grey (or green) in first past the post: you’re in or out.
3484	But for me, it’s a Labrador every time.
3485	But for the UK there is a huge opportunity to promote the best of Britain – the British creative industries.
3486	But Graham’s cross from the corner of the 18-yard box was fractionally too high for Shaun MacIver.
3487	But Gymophobics is very different, I actually look forward to going.
3488	But have a query about billing?
3489	But, having said that, due to the impossibly slow bar service, the savings made in alcohol will easily cover any ticket price!
3490	But having studied the specifications as closely as possible I still believe I found the same product (without the black paint) at two-thirds the price.
3491	“But,” he adds emphatically, “we are doing this because it is the right thing to do.
3492	But he admitted that, given the deficit he had to make up on Ridley and Gould, his initial target was finishing in the top 15 and earning a place in the Staysure PGA Seniors Championship at the London Club in August.
3493	But he also knows that so far he hasn’t demonstrated that in a world final.
3494	But he could not sleep - however he tried and wherever he tried.
3495	But he did receive Jesus in the Sacrament of the Eucharist and the Sacrament of the Sick.
3496	“But he has a chance to put all that frustration behind him for himself and everyone else and have a positive impact on Sunday.”
3497	But he was also a showman who relished his personal celebrity as much as his professional career.
3498	But his minimum term was increased to 24 years on Wednesday after senior judges ruled the original sentence was "unduly lenient".
3499	But how has it served you in relation to your phobias?
3500	But how, with so many to choose from, can you possibly know where to begin?
3501	But iam jus waiting for a proper guidelines.
3502	But I didn't expect the level of rage and bitterness.
3503	But I’d like to share, anyway.
3504	“But I’d rather be a better business than a bigger business,” he adds.
3505	But I feel in recent years this sense of community has been in demise.
3506	But if he is not there the winding is done by Mr Nattrass, who says: “It has always been extremely reliable.
3507	But if it hasn’t, it should do so by the end of the second quarter of 2018 at the latest.”
3508	“But if that balloon had been a mouse, that owl would have swooped right down on it and torn it to pieces.
3509	But if the East German authorities felt they had lost control of the concert’s political message about Nicaragua that was nothing compared to what happened on the day.
3510	But if the whole of Region 1 is behind protecting DTT, we're safe, right?
3511	But if we are going to make these vehicles as safe as they can possibly be, then we need to be open to learning lessons from everything around us, even the animal kingdom.
3512	But, if we go through, this shows how these records fit in to the legal process.
3513	But if you don’t go to clubs, gigs or festivals it’s still relevant if you want to find out more about protecting your hearing, learn about safe sound levels and the types of earplugs which are available.
3514	But if you just want the benefit of Apple’s A9 chip, easy to use operating system and superb 12-megapixel camera, iPhone SE is certainly a great choice.
3515	But if you're buying dried chickpeas, soaking is best.
3516	But, if your teachers aren’t aware of your situation, they won’t be able to help you.
3517	But if you sense the market is moving slowly, don’t be afraid to make an offer below the asking price.
3518	But if you want something that does the job and is small enough to store in a cupboard when you’re not using it, this is perfect.
3519	But I have luckily been able to grow up in London, a city where the aim is that women treated as equals to men.
3520	But I have to say it was the most fantastic fun I have had in politics.
3521	But I'm looking for somewhere that I can relax and.
3522	But I'm not alone in suffering this.
3523	But in a sense there is no point at all in accumulating wealth and property if you don't allow yourself a say in what is going to happen to it.
3524	But in a very subdued first half the match was played in an atmosphere more akin to a meaningless end-of-season affair.
3525	But in fact major traffickers benefit from the protection given by banks to tax evaders.
3526	But in its first year under the Harris Federation trust, the school saw the amount of students passing English and maths with C, now equivalent to a 4, rise from 54 per cent to 63 per cent.
3527	But in May 2017, fresh plans were lodged with Gwynedd Council planners for a change of use for the existing store, retaining the ground floor as two retail units and providing accommodation for 49 students.
3528	But in response, the deputy leader of Sefton Conservatives, Cllr Simon Jamieson, called the sign “disgraceful politicising of children”, accusing Ms Marshall of “naked campaigning”
3529	But in the changing political climate, the SP’s old position was accepted more and more.
3530	But in the vast majority of rural areas, basic reception, let alone mobile internet, can be severely lacking (a problem familiar to anyone who spends much time in the British countryside).
3531	“But I only want players who want to be here, those who are prepared to take on the challenge with some fire in their bellies.
3532	But I really first got interested because I thought this has enormous potential to transform our lives for the better but it also has the potential to be part of some very worrying trends.
3533	But I said, “Pah!” and ignored them.
3534	But is it as simple as that?
3535	But, is the Industrial Strategy fit for purpose?
3536	But it all turns out to be a deceitful ruse.
3537	"But it can bring up a range of conflicting feelings for those who have experienced sexual violence themselves.
3538	But it depends how important this is to you.
3539	"But it does not go far enough.
3540	But it doesn’t mean the end of what went before.
3541	But I think it is different when you have a school group go and see it as not all of those children will have read it.
3542	But it is important not to claim too much for a policy which, especially in the current fiscal climate, is expensive.
3543	But it is obviously a very difficult area.
3544	But it is well priced, nicely built and stylish.
3545	But it looks to me like 2018 will be another year of the Goldilocks economy - not too hot to stoke inflation and force interest rates higher, and not too cold to induce any panic among policymakers.
3546	But it must be remembered that populatio.
3547	But it’s important to check with your doctor or midwife.
3548	But it’s not easy to coordinate different agendas and priorities, gather information across different systems, or integrate processes into different areas of operation.
3549	But it’s not just our favourite witches and wizards that have had a spell cast on them.
3550	But it’s not like waving a magic wand, people still have to be able to find your website, and you have to make online sales easy for them.
3551	But it’s not the case that we hold all our events in major cities.
3552	But it's still an Italian company with a modern fleet of ships, destination-intensive worldwide itineraries and a distinct Italian personality.
3553	But it's time for people to know this after 15 years plus eating them"
3554	But it was, in Brighton's early days, very much the social centre of the town.
3555	But it was midfielder Reece Pearson who received special praise for his performance at the weekend from the Bankies manager.
3556	"But it will take more than a higher wage floor to tackle Britain's low-pay problem.
3557	But it would be tragic if its argument that 'the level of sexual violence worldwide is likely declining' encourages cash-strapped governments to stall the greater priority that sexual violence has, quite rightly, taken in the last few years.
3558	But it would get more extreme styling, potentially including a rear diffuser, a small roof spoiler and, Auto Express understands, exposed rear tailpipes instead of the regular Kona’s discreetly hidden exhaust.
3559	But I’ve always run into trouble when I’ve gone completely bagless, leaving purse, phone and keys all over the place.
3560	But I was a bit irritated by her first interview, with the BBC: ‘I want to reach out to more people… The days of walking into one of our beautiful houses and saying a family lived here, that’s not going to do it.’
3561	But I will always love TOWIE – I still watch it now.
3562	"But Josh (Cromie) slotted back in at 9 and I though Ben Carson did well at out-half.
3563	But Josh Vincent (left) returns following a two-match suspension and 18-year-old defender Finn O’Mara is also in the squad.
3564	But Justin says it will be a short but sweet visit to the city: "I get back to Southampton about twice a year but can't remember the last time I was in the city centre.
3565	But just like an unwanted party guest who keeps trying to flog his business to your friends, the ‘hard sell’ doesn’t work that well in a social setting.
3566	But just six months later they announced their shock split, followed shortly by - who the couple had become close friends with in the villa.
3567	But keeping Kane out of half a game is nowhere near enough.
3568	But last week, Princess Beatrice was definitely having a very good day!
3569	But let’s hold on before starting up a LeAnn Rimes-style chorus of “How do I liiiiive without you?”
3570	But like a true professional I treated it like an unknown area so as not to be under prepared for any situations and questioning on route.
3571	But Louise’s son from a previous relationship directed her to his lender, Manchester-based Together.
3572	But many marketing campaigns fail (or at least don’t go all the way), because creative agencies are too focused on content and delivery, and not enough on customers.
3573	But many people do not have a clear understanding of the 'nuts and bolts' of the language, which makes it difficult for them to use it accurately and confidently.
3574	But many people don’t like change.
3575	But most impressive of all is the currency, the Credito, used to promote the independent local economy.
3576	But most of all, we pride ourselves on our relationship with our clients.
3577	But most of the guys have been with the band twelve, thirteen or fourteen years.
3578	But most of them drank every night and most of them had wives or concubines or both!
3579	But none of the disasters that have befallen the country are worse than the Senghenydd mining disaster when tragedy struck the same village and the same community, not once but twice within the space of a dozen years.
3580	But not everyone is diagnosed early in life.
3581	‘But not only that, to go out and ask people – “do they know him?’
3582	But now I can see again how lucky I am - or they are!
3583	But now that the good times are back, so is our old instinct to go shopping and put it on plastic.
3584	But now they are happening with more frequency.
3585	But of the 153 policy areas, identified by a government paper last week as coming home, some 20 or so will not be devolved as appropriate to the regions.
3586	But other than that – and the giant prize fund – Epic revealed few details.
3587	But other than that, the SDP is the same wherever we hold it – a bunch of great students doing great research having a fun time with some world-leading academics.
3588	But over a 30-year working life, the lower earner in the net pay scheme would have paid £1,020 more for a pension than the saver in a relief at source scheme.
3589	But overall this was a bad result for NZD as more than 7% of the nation’s GDP is generated from the dairy sector.
3590	But perhaps an equally important factor in the success of our species has been our capacity for blind imitation.
3591	But perhaps I may be permitted to take other points of order first.
3592	But picking dividend shares isn't just about opting for those with the highest yield.
3593	But politics and power are about more than just voting every five years.
3594	But rather than asking: ‘what new fangled ways can we now try to gain take-up of our company elearning?’, perhaps we can ask a different question, one that gets to the heart of the problem…
3595	But really, considering where the economy is at, I think it could have been a LOT worse.
3596	But really she has given with both.
3597	But recent form suggests that as the season enters its final third, Horsforth will start as favourites when the sides meet at Burley on Saturday.
3598	But recently I had to make an appointment to see my GP so I went to reception to make it.
3599	But remember that your name is what makes your business unique, and a name just like everyone else’s – whether the difference is a hyphen or a slightly different spelling – doesn’t tell your visitors why they should choose you over another.
3600	But saying that, it is an atmospheric ancient site and well worth visiting as the sun sets in the west.
3601	But since all your guests will be watching, why not give them something to remember?
3602	But single parents with children aged under two find it incredibly hard to do so because of the practical challenges of bringing up a young child on their own combined with expensive childcare and a lack of flexible work.
3603	But Sir Tom Devine, emeritus professor of history at Edinburgh University, described the mistake as “unacceptable”.
3604	But smart retirement planning is also about the choices you make about products and savings plans.
3605	But so it should be.
3606	But, some companies will offer to help you make a claim and charge you a fee.
3607	But some people find that the pain can affect them for a long time.
3608	But sometimes you need more than just an eos chapstick and bath and body works soap.
3609	But soon they had to accept the terrible truth.
3610	But step inside and the rooms are covered in Sean’s own psychedelic painted walls and ceilings, including bizarre figures, symbols and characters.
3611	But that can only go so far before rents become unaffordable: public sector workers, for example, restricted to 1% pay awards will clearly have a limited capacity for increased housing costs.
3612	But that has not stopped many from taking action and finding creative ways of making a difference: for example through ‘social prescribing’ initiatives to prevent loneliness.
3613	But that’s £249,000 in mid 19th century prices.
3614	But the aerial performances were only part of the campaign.
3615	But the birth house of Adolf Hitler shouldn’t be turned into a museum.
3616	But the "Christmas flooding" label is a bit naff and was that jolly picture of daffodils in Maidenhead a good call?
3617	But the club suffered two disqualifications due to a small group of runners being sent the wrong way on the course.
3618	But the credit card provider refused to activate the debt-freeze plan on the grounds that Mr P had not provided sufficient information to demonstrate that he was “involuntarily unemployed”.
3619	But the default position of a typical Bromsgrove pupil should, increasingly, be the IB.
3620	But the differing functions do not explain the differing work processes and practices.
3621	But the evidence shows that the crisis was not caused by a collapse of consumer demand and increasing inequality.
3622	But the ex-Bristol City and Wrexham player has left the Stebonheath Park club - citing the travelling involved.
3623	But the field trip goes.
3624	But the hard work began long before opened for our first delivery this morning, and we want to thank everyone who helped get the site up and running, especially Matthew Beardmore and Simon Ratcliffe.
3625	; but the information respecting them afforded by the journals, is still meagre, confused, and contradictory.
3626	But the key thing is - where are the best places to go for a decent cup?
3627	But the LDPR is far from being the obedient tool of the Russian secret services that can be safely wound up should it get out of control.
3628	But the Leinster forwards began to squeeze the visitors and after a series of forward surges Healey barged his way over the line.
3629	But the Liverpool fighter would prefer to be right at home.
3630	But the most common and recognisable piece of recycling would have to be the small finds boxes.
3631	But then came the call to work for the munitions factories and the herring gutters’ skill with their hands meant they were perfect for this work.
3632	But the next step is also key – the so what?
3633	But then made a mistake.
3634	But the number of people privately renting has ballooned in recent years.
3635	But then when you, do you feel worse.
3636	But then who needs journalists when you have Lily Allen to tell you what’s going on?
3637	But the outlook for some types of euro might be even poorer.
3638	But the pension company says it’s not that simple.
3639	But the potential was there, and that’s the most important part about it.
3640	But the power and reach of disruptor giants Netflix and Amazon has the old school movies in a panic.
3641	But the price Reid-Dick had quoted in 1936 had gone up after 10years and Bassett-Green was not happy and was refusing to pay the extra.
3642	But the problem isn't with Emma, it's with everything else.
3643	“But the process of rehabilitation was a long one.
3644	But the proposals have been criticised, with the scale of the project - particularly the tower, opposed by members of the public and organisations such as Historic England and the Council for British Archaeology.
3645	But the rate you settle on when you start your business doesn't need to be permanent.
3646	But the reality is rather more complex, with extremes of poverty and affluence.
3647	But there are also a few interesting properties and attractions you might like to explore.
3648	But, there are times when people either don’t get on with or feel uncomfortable with their doctor.
3649	But the recently-merged College is now going “even greener” as it becomes a training hub for a new series of courses in solar thermal, solar panel and the principles of renewable technologies.
3650	But there is a way of dealing with your embouchure to keep it working properly, and if you're a qualified professional trumpet player you have to be very careful.
3651	But there is not the same national media scrutiny.
3652	But there’s no evidence that it’s infectious.
3653	But there was Armstrong to drive in a left-footed shot which crawled through a crowded penalty area and into the far corner to top off his man-of-the-match performance.
3654	But the RNLI has said it takes a different view of these incidents, saying they are actually serious breaches of its code of conduct.
3655	But these are strange times.
3656	But these issues were not the only ones that posed a threat to the future of Tech City, and air quality was also flagged as a concern – with Tech City being one of the most polluted areas in London.
3657	But the task ahead of Daniel was a little more complicated than just listening.
3658	“But the thrill of qualifying for Mexico is great and hopefully other girls will see that you can pick up sport, rather than give yourself an expiry date.”
3659	But the tradition never completely died out on the Isle of Wiight and although numbers dwindled through the early seventies there was a revival towards the end of the decade with scooterist rallies back on track by the early eighties.
3660	But the views are better from the top, so make your way to Markt – the square at the heart of the city – and brace yourself for a 366-step climb.
3661	But the web today is a very different place than it was 28 years ago.
3662	But the work is very much a team effort.
3663	But they are foiled by the ladybird.
3664	But they are more likely to harden than to go away.
3665	But they are not the only guilty party in the scourge of empty homes.
3666	But, they are very mild side effects like oily skin, acne, unnatural hair growth, unnatural hair loss and deepening of voice.
3667	But, they don’t care.
3668	But they need to realise that the 'Militant Tendency' and its leadership has been considerably renewed.
3669	But they were pegged back by Leigh Halfpenny two minutes later after referee Stuart Berry spotted Dan Leavy tugging the shirt of Rob Evans.
3670	But things quickly changed when Jimmy Rea collected Tom Coleman’s grubber kick to score in the corner before Hugh Mitchell touched down Stortford’s third try.
3671	But this Happy Rabbit really happy for me.
3672	“But this isn’t that kind of place.
3673	But this season try swapping gold accessories for sophisticated silver pieces for a more elegant finish to your eveningwear.
3674	But this time the man sent to protect her was none other than her ‘dead’ husband, Sean McGregor.
3675	But this time was a wonderful holiday in the sea we had really wonderful days in Ostia, Caterina was great with us and helped our with the iti…
3676	But this trench is becoming familiar and the people are becoming dearer to me.
3677	But to do that we need facilities and access and the car park is essential to both.
3678	Butts-Motorcycle Museum and return.
3679	Butt welding and electrofusion sleeve couplings are well suited to this application.
3680	But universities are able to buck the trend of short-term gain over long-term planning.
3681	But we all like to think we’ve bagged a bargain, even if it is something we didn’t need.
3682	But we always have a laugh with each other and customers so every Day is different.
3683	But we can't do all these amazing things without help from you.
3684	But we don’t ask charities to report on it.
3685	But we have a chance to change this.
3686	“But we have to make sure it can be enjoyed and protect it for future generations while considering those people who own and farm the land.
3687	But we'll use little messages in lots of other creative ways too.
3688	But we must have managed to remove the blockage.”
3689	But, we’ve now reached the war years and as we all know 2014 is the centenary of the start of World War One.
3690	“But we will certainly enjoy the challenge.
3691	But what about stopping cars crashing in the first place?
3692	But what does this mean in practice?
3693	But what exactly is a Spring Statement, when is it and why was it moved in the first place?
3694	But what happens when you want to go faster?
3695	But what if you don’t?
3696	But what if you don't want a career directly related to your degree.
3697	But what if you're the introvert kind?
3698	But what I have come to believe is that it is only true if we accept and allow it to be.
3699	But what it will inevitably come down to is can the amount be justified.
3700	“But what they need to move to, and there's a frustration about it not moving fast enough, is to adopting this technology, especially AI and training it to fuse with other technology.
3701	But what they’re really doing is getting you to add code to your system that will spy on your activities and steal personal information, credit card and login details.
3702	But when Edward's sister Mary Tudor succeeded him, she was determined to return England to the Catholicism that had been outlawed after the schism that came with Henry VIII's divorce of her mother Catherine of Aragon.
3703	But when it comes to creating your company’s online web presence, the question isn’t just about which elements the company website should contain: it’s also a question of which software is best suited to your needs.
3704	But when one eagle eyed blogger pointed out an apparent flaw with her tan, saying: "Looking good but think your tan has went wrong on your bum sorry," Lauren quickly hit back.
3705	But when the wingerâ€™s shot was blocked, it was the man from the opposite flank, Woolford, who was first to react.
3706	“But when they sit there talking bollocks I can’t help but say so very loudly.”
3707	But when we don't have a common understanding of where the boundary lies, and, therefore, who has a right to prune a disputed hedge or dig up a disputed rosebush, then we need to negotiate actively, or conflict may ensue.
3708	But when you think about it, there were things to talk about.
3709	But where it scores equally well is for reliability; the hybrid cars of Toyota are legendary for their dependability.
3710	But while it may not be good for the industry it is certainly good for viewers.
3711	But while it may not be possible for us to shape every detail of our lives in the months to come, we do have an element of choice about how we face whatever life brings.
3712	But while OnePlus's face scanning proves quicker than Face ID - no slouch itself, speed-wise - it's clearly less secure.
3713	But while the HWP was refreshing in its admission that planning is in need of more resources, a lack of focus on viability issues was troubling.
3714	But who's that peeking through the bamboo?
3715	But why can't they?
3716	But why not do better than that by actually going inside – and, via its terrific exhibition, discovering its towers, its walkways and the mechanical marvels that are the thing’s Victorian engine rooms?
3717	But Woody's dad is a fighter pilot, and when his squadron goes to war, suddenly Woody finds himself in a boarding school for armed forces kids where everyone is rugby mad.
3718	But would it still be needed once hostilities came to an end?
3719	But yesterday he was all smiles as he keep up the his tradition of sipping the victory champagne from his shoe, Vettel coming home in second followed by Hamilton in third.
3720	But you’ll have to stop paying into pensions after 5 April 2014.
3721	But you may be eligible to contribute up to the full annual ISA allowance before you go.
3722	But you may develop flu-like symptoms up to six weeks after becoming infected.
3723	But your brand is a much deeper and more emotional representation of your business, values and experiences.
3724	But you’re puzzling me, John, as there aren’t any morphemes in Didau.
3725	Buy a return to Rye, which is valid for all the (non-heritage) stations mentioned below.
3726	Buy bananas, bread and more for a reasonable price from this online store.
3727	Buy books, DVDs, CDs, games and much more at bargain prices.
3728	Buy Crispy Products Wholesale - Springvale FoodsJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
3729	Buy cut price fancy dress costumes for Halloween.
3730	Buying a new baby car seat?
3731	Buying either a new or used Jeep is exciting - choosing the model and specification you want is a real pleasure based on your tastes, your needs and your circumstances.
3732	Buy Kulana Apple Juice 27x200ml.
3733	Buy today and we will send you a £100 gift certificate AND upgrade you to a Gold Discount customer, with 15% off future orders!
3734	Buy verbena Verbena bonariensis Our website uses cookies.
3735	BVD ear tag testing – are your first results accurate?
3736	By 1920 she was having some success with getting work in magazines, sometimes under pseudonyms.
3737	By 1935 Chapel-en-le-Frith Central was being served by 29 train services, 14 going north and 15 going south.
3738	By 1945, it had become grouped with the adjacent St Mary's Hospital (former Union infirmary) and Archway Hospital (former Union infirmary) under a single administration.
3739	By 2003 this has risen, but only by 1% to 86%.
3740	By 2020, the growth target is to reach 50+ sites.
3741	By 3am, he'd got the call to mobilise as many sweepers as possible.
3742	By 3pm, our press release had been signed-off and our team set to work to sell in our story on a local level.
3743	By accurately recording data about each visitor to your website and the various instances in which they do so (sessions) will start to paint a picture of who your audience is and gain insights on what works best (and what does not).
3744	By adding an admin you give them access to the CMS so they can edit content and create new pages.
3745	By Air - The most convenient major city and international airports are Glasgow and Glasgow Prestwick.
3746	By allowing a couple to arrange sharing rights in advance, pet pre-nups come in useful for sparing both parties from the emotional and financial heartache of a court case for custody of the pet.
3747	By applying for free school meals, your child’s school could also benefit from up to £1320 additional funding to support their learning.
3748	By at least the late 14th century the demesne arable was let at farm for £4 yearly, and at the Dissolution William Alicock held the demesne farm for £6.
3749	By attempting to cut into the lane, Rahman damaged the front offside of a Volkswagen Golf.
3750	By avoiding Court no evidence needs to be given.
3751	“By buying ethically, you send support directly to progressive companies while at the same time depriving companies that put profits before principles.”
3752	By choosing your thoughts you can confront fear, weaknesses and any other emotions you may experience.
3753	By contributing to the Evidence Base, you will also be able to demonstrate the Scottish National Standards competences for identifying and recording key social policy issues.
3754	By default, the HTCondor attempts to detect the method to use in the order shown.
3755	By degrees, we say, with reference to a minority; for the majority has long been unanimous—for six or seven months.
3756	By doing so you will be demonstrating how diligent, committed and enthusiastic you are as well as acquiring many marine and generic skills (e.g. confidence, communication) essential for your post-degree future.
3757	By doing this, we can focus our conversations we have with you about fundraising and volunteering in the most effective way, and ensure that we provide you with an experience as an alumnus, donor or potential donor which is appropriate for you.
3758	By encouraging students to apply their online safety knowledge to real life, you can show how much of an important topic it is.
3759	By entering the address of one of your properties they will be able to see your name, your agent's name if you use one, and the contact address which you have selected for that property.
3760	Byfleet Community Library has an accessible ground floor meeting space, suitable for approximately 25 people.
3761	By giving young people credit points, which show how much learning has been achieved, along with a level which shows how demanding that learning is, the Framework helps inform them about their strengths and future study choices.
3762	By having a guarantor in place such as a family member or friend, there is someone who believes in you and is willing to be part of the loan transaction and cover your repayments if you default.
3763	By having more bandwidth, you won’t completely stop the attack but you’ll have the capacity to contain and slow it down until help arrives.
3764	By implementing the energy saving tips detailed above you can help the environment on a daily basis, while saving some money in the process.
3765	By incorporating financial incentives, such as employee share schemes into the plan, you can encourage key managers to stay and grow the business, with the promise of a share in its success.
3766	By infusing the detergent and water together before it reaches your laundry, cleaning enzymes are activated faster, penetrating fibres deeper and delivering up to 60% more cleaning power, even at low temperatures.
3767	"By integrating technologies, such as autonomous underwater vehicles and advanced sonar technology, we will gain a new insight into the condition of these subsea assets.
3768	By January 2009 Griffin was becoming even more confident, telling supporters at a by-election meeting in Haywards Heath, “Our time is coming.”
3769	By making a Gift Aid declaration, you will allow the Faculty to reclaim tax on your donation.
3770	By measuring the level of specific transcription in nuclei isolated from transfected cells we directly demonstrate that the increased amount of EIIa RNA is due to stimulation of the rate of transcription.
3771	By offering 2-day service for less than FEDEX 5-day ground, PostageAnywhere.com users retain more profit and provide a better transit experience to their customers.
3772	By offering every patient the chance to engage in research we will maximise the benefit of new diagnoses and therapies for people with rare and common disease.
3773	"By opening these car parks now, we can help offer additional short stay spaces for the town centre whilst demand levels are higher over the next few months.
3774	By protecting your skin from sunlight, you can both prevent an outbreak of melasma, and help to lessen its severity if it occurs.
3775	By providing choice – from full strength wine and beer to lower abv products as well as alcohol-free drinks – you are giving people permission to make the right decision for them.
3776	By putting in a tax claim for this, she will not get the £100 back from HMRC, but will get the tax back that she has paid on the £100.
3777	By 'regular standards' that makes me obese.
3778	“By relying on exports China is susceptible to external shocks that could have a negative impact on its development,” said Professor Mellahi.
3779	By remaining on the road you can travel where and when you want with the knowledge that you are backed by a leading nationwide charity.
3780	By restoring a normal functional relationship between the organs & their neighbouring structures, the osteopath can guide the body from dysfunction towards better health.
3781	By selling your car through Auto Trader, you’ll be putting it in front of the UK’s largest car-buying audience.
3782	By sending invoices directly to us you are ensuring payment within your agreed payment terms.
3783	By September 2016, the closing date for nominations, the Academy had received 121 new candidates.
3784	By signing the order form you are complying with the terms set out above.
3785	By Simon Usherwood, Deputy Director of The UK in a Changing Europe.
3786	By submitting material to any public area of buxtonoperahouse.
3787	By submitting payment details you promise that you are entitled to purchase a Subscription using those payment details.
3788	By submitting your photo to Beaulieu, you give us permission to use it for our advertising in the future.
3789	"By taking time to understand the emerging drivers and impediments to trade, business leaders can identify risks and opportunities, and make informed decisions for future growth."
3790	"By the morning, Kyle was delirious.
3791	By the peak of the crisis a year later the Euro had collapsed to almost 1.20 as the very real prospect of a breakup of the EU materialised.
3792	By the time I applied to read law in 1974, the Hertford Scheme had been running for some time.
3793	By the time Matt left, he was Junior Sous Chef and the restaurant had obtained two Michelin stars.
3794	By the time the line reached Richborough the port was already in decline.
3795	By this date the goods yard had closed and all of the sidings had been lifted.
3796	By this date the station had been demolished and a coal depot had been opened in the station goods yard.
3797	By using air injectors that distribute supply air at different temperatures, draughts are eliminated.
3798	By using consumers to promote is a reliable means since they are unlike advertisement versions as well as they are real clients backing the item.
3799	By using the best italian materials, these shorts ensure UV protection (UPF 50+), fast drying and adherence to the body.
3800	By using this plugin, you can create flexible and full-width rows and add images and video backgrounds to rows.
3801	By using this website you accept the use of cookies.
3802	By viewing the details on each used E-nv200 5 Door Acenta Flex Estate Electric Automatic you can find the latest finance, PCP offers and more, designed to make choosing a new vehicle easy.
3803	By way of comparison, the offers 280 litres of luggage space, the offers 250 litres, while the has 310 litres reducing to 225 litres with the roof folded.
3804	By way of contrast, chemical substances are fairly indiscriminate in their slaughter, so a variety of wildlife, beneficial insects and native plants from neighbouring ecosystems will be affected as well.
3805	By working together, we can continue to create changes that benefit everyone.”
3806	By working with our partners, together we can combine the best applied research with large-scale delivery of evidence-based behaviour change solutions to make a real difference to people's lives and help improve the health of the nation.
3807	"By working with well known organisations in the region we hope it will have a greater impact in raising awareness of what we're trying to achieve for the two charities as well as the good work they do for young people.
3808	C2 had advised C1 on investment policy for that company.
3809	Cabinet Members will also be asked to approve the submission of an Outline and Full Business Case to the West Yorkshire Combined Authority to release funding to buy the land and progress the development of the business park.
3810	Cabinet reviewed and noted the Budget Scrutiny Panel report.
3811	Cadets must face up to their fears, whether by taking a classroom session or by completing a tough assault course.
3812	Caerphilly - Election results By using this site you agree to our use of cookies.
3813	Caerphilly - Licensing and permits By using this site you agree to our use of cookies.
3814	Caerphilly - Taxi licence policies By using this site you agree to our use of cookies.
3815	Café Garden Room - The Douglas and Catherine Wigdor RoomThe café garden room provides an informal and flexible space for any breaks during your meetings.
3816	Cafe offering locally sourced food, with fresh items on the menu everyday.
3817	CAFRE is hosting a Breeding Conference for all members of the Sport Horse and Thoroughbred industry.
3818	Cakes, bread, meat and other foods are cooked and baked to perfection.
3819	Calabrian Extra Virgin Organic Infused Olive Oil by Agrumia a stunning combination of organic, 100% traceable, mono-cultivar single estate Ottobratica variety.
3820	Calculate the real cost of buying a house by taking some other fees into consideration.
3821	Calculate your ratio of detractors by figuring out the percentage of people surveyed who gave you a score of 0 to 6. Then calculate your Net Promoter Score (NPS) by subtracting your percentage of detractors from your percentage of promoters.
3822	Calderon was a 14-year old Mulatto girl, accused of being involved in the theft of money from a Port of Spain businessman, Pedro Ruiz, whom Louisa’s mother had arranged for her to live with as a ‘mistress’ at age 11.”
3823	Caldey is also rich in interesting flora and fauna.
3824	CALIFORNIA festival brought celebs out in force in their skimpiest outfits .
3825	Call 0207 998 0549 for help and advice on phone and mobile services.
3826	Call and see them when you visit and you might get a glimpse of one of their giant eggs!
3827	Callcredit Consumer Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 07891157.
3828	Called customer services and still waiting on free return email.
3829	Called ‘multiple purpose’ as it is a flexible shaped blank ‘canvas’ in which you can serve flat or more interactive content as desired.
3830	Call me sad, but that rather floats my boat!
3831	Call or email to arrange a free consultation.
3832	Call or email with your enquiries.
3833	Call our acorn office to book your appointment NOW!
3834	Call our helpline to get advice on 0808 802 0925.
3835	Call site sales (0300 303 7333).
3836	Calls just after six or seven in the evening may be more productive.
3837	Calls that are charged are paid for at a rate of 20p per minute.
3838	Call Stuart today to arrange for your free quote.
3839	Calls will cost no more than 5p per minute plus your phone company's access charge.
3840	Call today when you are in need of Airport And Shipping in the Grantham St Johns area.
3841	Call today when you are in need of Courier Services in the Nottingham area.
3842	Callum McGregor urges Celtic team-mate Moussa Dembele to stay for a double TrebleThe midfielder reckons Dembele won’t be thinking about a January move.
3843	Call us and see for yourself.
3844	Call us today on +44 (0)330 024 2500.
3845	Call us today to build your own using our list of parts and accessories!
3846	Call us, we will gladly service your existing uPVC doors and windows or give you a quote on replacing your old doors and windows with uPVC units.
3847	Cambridge City Council (October 2004).
3848	Cambridge East, Northstowe, and the other new developments would be a great place to see these implemented.
3849	Cambridge fell agonisingly short in their opening match of the season, losing 29-27 against a typically strong Loughborough side.
3850	Cambridge is a relatively flat city so it is very cyclist friendly, especially if you haven’t been on a bike in a while.
3851	Cambridgeshire’s new Service Director for Education has shared his vision for the county’s schools as he begins his new role in the.
3852	Cambridge Web site links to health and beauty resources including links to hospitals and clinics.
3853	CAMEO intelligence helps organisations locate and target profitable consumer types and develop successful customer retention and value building strategies.
3854	Cameron Clarke Leasing Limited has some fantastic contract hire and van leasing deals on all Toyota for both business and personal customers, choose one of the many special offers we currently have on our Toyota deals page.
3855	Cameron Norman has already left and another former Norwich City ace and Culverhouse signing, Simon Lappin, is poised to follow suit.
3856	Camo Cool at Russell & Bromley This website requires JavaScript to be enabled if you wish to place an order online.
3857	CAMPAIGNERS fighting to stop new homes being built on protected land near Wargrave and Charvil want residents to volunteer to display banners.
3858	Campaign for Better Transport would like to use some good photos on its website that help make the point that some rail lines need to be re-opened.
3859	Campaign group Pregnant Then Screwed is organising events in London, Cardiff, Belfast, Manchester, Glasgow and Newcastle on Tuesday, calling on the Government to take action to reduce discrimination against working women who have children.
3860	Campaigning agent tells lettings sector: "change is coming"
3861	Campaigns such as Love Music Hate Racism have helped highlight the threat of the BNP to young people and present a positive image of multiracial Britain.
3862	Campbell & Kennedy plays a key role in ensuring that viewers in Scotland and Northern Ireland continue to receive Freeview when 4G is activated in their area.
3863	CAMPBELL – The family of the late Iain Cambell, Cherry Tree Cottage Furnace, would like to thank everyone for many the kind expressions of sympathy received in their recent sad loss.
3864	Campion Hall's traditional Latin motto translates into "speaking the truth in love" (Eph 4:15).
3865	Can a convenient arrangement last forever?
3866	Can a Disciplinary Investigation Ever Be too Thorough?
3867	Can Americans pronounce Suffolk?
3868	Can be applied to wet or dry synthetic fabrics.
3869	Cancellations or part cancellation of any order can only be accepted after prior negotiation and agreement to terms which will indemnify Chipperfield.
3870	Cancels the current action.
3871	& Candelabras are a local family run business specialising in Chair Cover, sash, centrepieces and accessory hire.
3872	Candidates will be expected to know of the existence of the offences created by sections 12, 21, 22 and 25 of the Theft Act 1968 and section 3 of the Theft Act 1978.
3873	Can gourmet food or other gifts be sent with my order?
3874	Can I advertise my properties on your website?
3875	Can I foster if English is my second language?
3876	Can I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?
3877	Can I get help and advice from Riverside?
3878	Can I have a smaller black bin?
3879	Can I have more than one Free Parent Life Cover policy?
3880	Can I install LED bulbs myself?
3881	Can I join the scheme if I am over 65?
3882	Can I just ignore it?
3883	Can I pause my subscription?
3884	Can I see the footage from the body camera?
3885	Can I still carry out my duties?
3886	Can I still use an old style pet passport?
3887	Can I switch from flexible drawdown to capped drawdown?
3888	Can it be replicated and, if so, under what conditions?
3889	Can I transfer / exchange to another property?
3890	Can I use the same application form to apply for more than one job?
3891	Can I Wear Dentures Straight After a Tooth Extraction?
3892	Can I wear long skinny jeans and a sweatshirt?
3893	Can my horse be treated for pinworms?
3894	Canon Irvine is also a trustee of Art and Christianity Enquiry, and contributes to the teaching of short courses on art and theology at Ripon College, Cuddesdon, and for the MA in Liturgical Studies at Sarum College and the Mirfield Liturgical Institute.
3895	Can our application be refused?
3896	Can rooftop extensions help solve the housing crisis?
3897	Can stepchildren challenge a will or the effect of intestacy?
3898	Canterbury Gymnastics Club held an Anniversary Party celebrating being in their new gym for a year at the end of July.
3899	Can’t even contain my excitement xx.”
3900	Can't fault them and would recommend in a heartbeat.
3901	Can’t find something to do?
3902	Can the arts change the world?
3903	Can the debt advisor represent me at court?
3904	Can the Fed avoid Trump pressure – and maintain inflation?
3905	Can the lights be directed downwards rather than shining horizontally?
3906	Can these organisations not find a retired banker or lawyer, for example, who’d like to give something back to society?
3907	Can they stop pay?
3908	Can’t see the point.
3909	Can't they be hit repeatedly with a length of 2" x 4", instead?
3910	Can we hold global temperatures to a 1.5 degree rise?
3911	Can you advise what would be the best unit for me, given that low cost is not a priority, excellence of use is my main objective.
3912	Can you come up with winning otter book cover design?
3913	Can you deduce which Olympic athletics events are represented by the graphs?
3914	“can you get a mortgage with a CCJ?” is one of the most frequently asked by our visitors and, thankfully, to most of them we can say YES!
3915	Can you help us innovate?
3916	Can you patent human genes?
3917	“Can you pay anything, even a shilling?” asked the Doctor.
3918	Can your broker / Money Manager offer you the above?
3919	Can your child recognize patterns?
3920	Can your friend leap to infinity and beyond to catch the ball before it bounces?
3921	Can you spot anyone you recognise in this Chad archive photo?
3922	Can you transfer balances from other cards to the Metro Bank Credit Card?
3923	Capable of holding 12 legs or wings, this chrome plated steel rack will produce perfect results every time.
3924	Capital gains tax (CGT) exemption is also given on qualifying shares held for at least three years.
3925	Capitalism has an undisputed record of wealth generation, yet it has always functioned under a cloud of moral.
3926	Capsalis Construction Management has customers based in and around London, comprised of both developers and private individuals.
3927	Captain Eddie, Sean, Orlando, Paul, and Mario could not have done anything more to make you feel welcomed, comfortable and assuring you were having a great time.
3928	Carayol is in contention to make his debut at Sunderland.
3929	Carbon Monoxide is colourless, tasteless and has no smell and almost impossible to detect.
3930	“Carbon monoxide is known as the ‘silent killer’ – you can’t see it, smell it or taste it, which is why it is so important to have an audible alarm.
3931	Carbon monoxide poisoning at home.
3932	Carbon Tropix Milan 700c Road Bike Black/Blue - Flat Bar Road Sports Bikes - Mens Bikes - Adult BikesJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
3933	CardGuard is not Payment Protection Insurance (PPI).
3934	Cardiff boss Russell Slade will know how close his side came to facing a half-time deficit and had his players fired up for the restart.
3935	Cardiff University’s Business School hosted the Q&A for the Universities Panel of the Headmasters’ and Headmistresses’ annual conference.
3936	Care and Repair :: Charlotte PowellWe are a national charitable body and actively work to ensure that all older people have homes that are safe, secure and appropriate to their needs.
3937	Careers and Employability Service can help with careers advice, and their team can help you to find work locally.
3938	Careers and UniversitiesColet Fellowships offer the chance for up to three recent graduates from a US university to spend one academic year with us, assisting our US universities team and teaching a core subject of their interest.
3939	Careers support for Masters students starts before they even arrive at Warwick with a series of webinars and advice over Skype and email.
3940	Care homes provide either residential or nursing care.
3941	Carers' Dignity Charter launched to value and drive up standards of services for unpaid carers Browser does not support script.
3942	Care should be taken when using antifreeze products, which may contain the chemical ethylene glycol.
3943	Care was needed with him as he had a strange habit of walking down the corridors with a clenched fist outstretched in front of him for boys to walk into if they ran round corners!
3944	Car Hire in Orlando Take out car hire from award winning suppliers for your next trip to Orlando, Florida.
3945	Car hire is the perfect way to get around at your own speed, and we will do our utmost to make it simple for you.
3946	Car Hire Montego Bay Sangster Int. AP: Sixt rent a carSixt uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service, to improve and evaluate the content of the website and to promote Sixt products.
3947	Car Hire Växjö Airport: Sixt rent a carSixt uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service, to improve and evaluate the content of the website and to promote Sixt products.
3948	Caring mother-in-law to Rona and proud grandmother to Hamish Alexander.
3949	Carleton Playgroup: Carleton Playgroup is in the village hall every Friday (term-time) from 9.30am to 11.30am.
3950	Carlingford is at the centre of many historic special places, 1 hour - Newgrange - famous 3000BC prehistoric burial chamber.
3951	Carlisle have now been searching for a new manager in the past few weeks since Keith Curle stepped down, with a series of managers being made favourite and it now appears that Hopkin is in pole position.
3952	Carlo Morelli is a Senior Lecturer in business and economic history.
3953	Carpal tunnel surgery can cause some side-effects.
3954	Car parking spaces limited,need to be reserved,street parking available.close to local amenities and city.
3955	"Car parks: the answer to Britain's affordable homes shortage?"
3956	Carpathia arrives in New York with 705 survivors from Titanic.
3957	Carpeted, radiator, door to store room and stairs to first floor.
3958	CARRICK man Adrian Cooke is to play the leading role in a modern reworking of Shakespeare’s The Merchant of Venice.
3959	Carrick-on-Suir is a marvellous town to base your holiday, offering a choice of high-quality amenities to make the most of.
3960	Carrington Bridge is included in the final phase and is seen as the most important piece of the jigsaw.
3961	• Carry out cleaning/litter-picking duties as required.
3962	Carson had outgrown the main pivotal device that gives him, and his family, some semblance of normality, a special activity chair.
3963	Cars that can drive their way around cities - including navigating roundabouts - will be next.
3964	Carter gave Sutton-on-Trent the lead shortly after half-time as he powerfully headed in a free-kick unchallenged after the keeper misjudged the flight of the ball.
3965	Carter graduated from the University of Luton (now the University of Bedfordshire) with a Bachelor's degree in business and psychology, and has a postgraduate HR qualification from the University of East Anglia.
3966	Carter worked on the ship for almost a year.
3967	Cartier was established in 1847 by founder Louis Francois Cartier, and is known for producing classic timepieces that have withstood the test of time, both in innovative design and craftsmanship.
3968	Carve the lamb cutlets, allowing 3 per person.
3969	Carvings on the fireplace in the principal first-floor room of the house record a wedding in 1657.
3970	Car was fully resprayed two years ago, altought some bubbles came out on one of the rear wheel arches.
3971	Casa Higueras is a boutique hotel nestled on the hillside overlooking the Valparaiso bay.
3972	Cases where an underlying medical condition is identified usually involves long term or substantial intermittent absences.
3973	Cashback websites are a way in which you can make sums of money when you buy online, by making your purchases via a cashback website, rather than directly from a retailer.
3974	Cash flow planning is crucial for any business and no-one likes nasty surprises so we try to agree in advance our annual fees.
3975	• Cash generated from operations of $637.3 million.
3976	Casio also wanted the users to easily find the microsite through search engines by optimising SEO within the site's content.
3977	Casting announced for new UK tour of Things I Know To.
3978	Castle Point Borough Council has a total of eight sheltered housing complexes – three in Benfleet, one in Hadleigh and four on Canvey Island – offering a mix of flats and bungalows for older residents.
3979	Castleton Hotel - "Looking forward to the refurbishment"
3980	Catch mackerel for the barbecue, or crab, sea bass, or even rays, sharks or coger eels!
3981	Category S1 bricks have limits on specified soluble salts sodium, potassium and magnesium content.
3982	Cater Allen has improved the accessibility of its website for blind and partially sighted customers.
3983	Catering will be provided by the local village hall committee.
3984	Catford Bridge Station has brilliant access into London Bridge, London Waterloo East, London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street.
3985	Catharine is founder and Director of OPENspace, an internationally-recognised research centre based in both the Universities of Edinburgh and Heriot-Watt.
3986	Catherine, a resident of Ashley Court for 17 years, said: 'I'm part of the furniture!
3987	Catherine House is a day nursery providing care for children while their parents are not available.
3988	Catherine now needs more than an ambassador, she needs a lawyer.
3989	Cathy promises to return in a week.
3990	Catkins are the type of drooping petal-less cluster of flowers that many trees produce.
3991	Caught between a rock and a hard place!
3992	Caused by the self-appointed masters of the universe.
3993	Causes and risk factors of melanoma - Diagnosing cancer - Macmillan Cancer Support Find information, articles and activities relevant to you.
3994	CAVC and Admiral have collaborated closely on the programme to ensure that it offers the training and qualifications that meet the skills required by the individual apprentices and that Admiral requires.
3995	Caversham Heights Methodist church is holding an Autumn Fair on Saturday, 1st November from 11.30am to 3pm in aid of Riding For The Disabled and The Alexander Divine Children’s Hospice.
3996	CB Construction are a loft conversion & house extension specialist based in Bristol.
3997	CCMOSS has been supported by seed funding from Cambridge Enterprise, the University’s commercialisation arm, and was recently named Cleantech Business of the Year at the 2013 Business Weekly awards.
3998	CCTV footage from Sid’s office building shows three men lifting his yellow Honda India into the back of a white van and escaping in less than two minutes.
3999	CEIAG is given a high profile in the school and there is a clear structure in place for the management of CEIAG.
4000	Celebrate your new arrival in style at Parklands, Quendon Hall.
4001	Celebrating inclusivity, they provide level access to every part of the two buildings and accessible student accommodation.
4002	Celebrity Big Brother is screened tonight at 9pm on Channel Five.
4003	Celebrity VIP and Executive Protection Bodyguards, Chauffeur and Personal Security Specialists.
4004	Central Business Exchange, 436 Midsummer Boulevard, Milton Keynes, MK9 2EA -
4005	Central government had been negligent on this issue and had not listened to residents, most of whom had no choice but to use the train service.
4006	Central government has also pledged to improve junctions on the A47 and A12 by 2020, to make the roads safer to use and help prevent bottlenecks.
4007	Central heating is provided by a gas to radiator system with a recently replaced combination boiler.
4008	Central heating radiator, single glazed window and rear door, central heating radiator and a storage cupboard.
4009	Centrally located on one of England''s best loved seaside promenade this splendid Three Star Edwardian hotel is the perfect base from which to explore to many attractions of Eastbourne and the South Coast.
4010	“Central to this is creating an environment where it is normal, easy and enjoyable for children and young people to eat healthily.
4011	Centre for the Study of Globalisation and Regionalisation) (No.232).
4012	Centre Manager Kate also points to the centre’s involvement in the community, notably at the local Lawn School and through its sponsorship of youth football teams.
4013	Centre Nick Rangiuira drew the defence before throwing a long pass out to wing Ali Fothergill.
4014	Centurions owner Derek Beaumont explained the move had come about after discussions with caretaker coach Kieron Purtill following injuries to hookers Daniel Mortimer and Kurt Baptiste.
4015	Ceramic tiled walls, ceramic tiled flooring, wall mounted chrome heated towel rail, UPVC double glazed opaque window to the side elevation and access to a useful storage cupboard.
4016	Cereal invertebrates, extreme events and long-term trends in climate - NECR135Natural England uses cookies to make this site simpler.
4017	Ceredigion has a variety of public transport options that can suit a range of needs.
4018	Certainly by bicycle it’s wonderful to be rolling along those old roads, surrounded by magnificent mountains and coastal scenery.
4019	Certainly helped generate a lot of interest in doing more shows!
4020	Certainly more money via the National Cancer Institute or Cancer Research UK’s Grand Challenge scheme should make a difference.
4021	Certainly nearly all of the families in the town were touched, in one way or another.
4022	Certainly, today almost any kind of music requires some sort of detailed study.
4023	Certain things should never be placed in your bin.
4024	Certificate of Lawfulness for the erection of an outbuilding.
4025	Certified Management Consultant (CMC).
4026	Cerveza española llega a York Brewery (Spanish beer arrives at York Brewery) - deliciouslyorkshireOh What a Night!
4027	Cesario Piras, brooding master of the Castello del Falco, wasn’t prepared for the visitor who turned up on his doorstep during a raging storm – or for the little bundle bearing the Piras name she had in tow.
4028	CF-36 : Based Heart - From £95.
4029	Chairman of The Wayland Festival, John Kerr and the festival's secretary, Judy Kerr are presented with gifts at their retirement.
4030	Chairman to provide a verbal update on health and wellbeing matters.
4031	Chair of Uphall Station Community Council Cathy Brotherson said: "Uphall Station is a growing community, and we see this facility as a great way to bring everyone together.
4032	Chambers Farm Wood Centre is signed off the B1202 Bardney to Wragby road.
4033	Chameleon Web Services.
4034	Champagne put on ice in UK 'inflation basket'
4035	Champion grasstrack rider the late made a range of frames in the early sixties mainly for grasstrack.
4036	Chamroeun tells me that within both the community and when trying to negotiate with illegal loggers and the government that ‘…it’s really difficult to be listened to as a woman’.
4037	Chancellor Sebastian Kurz’s governing coalition took office in December after a campaign in which both partners talked tough on migration.
4038	Chance UK was set up 20 years ago by an Islington Police Officer who saw that the teenagers he was dealing with in the Criminal Justice System were often those who were known about many years previously.
4039	Changed from our usual room over looking the harbour to one in the sail lofts which was excellent.
4040	Changed your mind about a recent purchase?
4041	Change has to come from the ground up, not the top down.
4042	Changeover day is Saturday, although it may be flexible outside of peak season.
4043	Changes have been made to allow for DOCs to be sent automatically by email following completion of an inspection.
4044	Changes in expenditure distribution (research, teaching, support, premises, management) expected.
4045	Changes in the exchange rate and commodity prices (particularly in oil) will play important roles in determining the future path of inflation as will domestically-generated inflation, such as wage growth and changes to company profit margins.
4046	Changes such as the development of clinical service units and governance arrangements that were in their infancy at the last inspection had been further embedded and embraced by staff in the organisation.
4047	Change the name of the drive to MyVolume as this will make the steps below easier to follow (otherwise you just need to replace the term MyVolume in the Terminal command with the name of your drive).
4048	Changing the contrast can increase legibility for some users.
4049	Changing the look or approach of the Apple brand could easily undermine the consumers’ understanding of who Apple are as a company so Apple consistently places a lower case “i” on new digital products – the iPhone, iPad, iPod, iWatch.
4050	Changing the way that free Home to School Transport for mainstream schools is assessed.
4051	Channel these styles in your wedding and let the world see a grand wedding that they never experienced before.
4052	Chapman ISO place codes were used.
4053	CHARGE WINDBREAKER you’ll be resistant to wind chills during your training sessions.
4054	Charging regimes and policies - or example Licensing Fees and Charges, Building Control Charges, Service Charges for Council Tenants, Local Land Charges.
4055	Charitable legacies are the foundation for causes like ours and are vital in continuing our work.
4056	Charity cycle ride - British Heart FoundationJames Neale, DBS Data Sales Director, successfully completed the gruelling London to Brighton off road challenge on 23rd Sept for British Heart Foundation after losing his Dad to heart disease 4 years ago.
4057	Charity listings receive additional visibility through specialised search functionality, and tend to sell more often, with more bids and at higher final prices.
4058	Charity meetings: making decisions and voting.
4059	Charles Ives left his Sonata for solo piano unfinished for a reason.
4060	Charles Row, defending, said Parker was ‘desperately sorry’ and is a ‘shadow of the man he once was’.
4061	Charles Wright leads as Josh Auty crashes.
4062	Charlie Daniels passed inside to King from just inside the Toffees' half, the Norwegian turning and bearing down towards the penalty area.
4063	Charlotte Crosby has denied hitting out at Scarlett Moffatt over recent shock revelations about her weight loss.
4064	Charlotte Crosby may have only broken up with her reality star boyfriend, Stephen Bear last week but already rumours are swirling that the Geordie Shore star has a new man.
4065	Charlotte Lister from Steeton keeping hers and two generations of her family's flower arrangements watered ready for judging.
4066	Charming annexe cottage set near the stunning market town of Kingsbridge on the edge of the South Devon AONB.
4067	Char (River Island) Alliance - which is calling for a special budget for char dwellers.
4068	Chartered Accountant can help you to agree a value with the tax authorities.
4069	Chartered Manager Degree Apprenticeship was launched in 2015 and already has more than 500 enrolled students from across all backgrounds.
4070	Charters and flags appear to left and right respectively.
4071	CHAS offer care for the whole family in their two children’s hospices, Rachel House in Kinross and Robin House in Balloch.
4072	Chattanooga, Tennessee/USA, 24 January 2013: The Volkswagen brand has inaugurated its largest solar facility in the world at its US…
4073	Chatziisaias has been in good form for PAOK, with his performances earning him a place in the Greece national squad earlier this month, and was on the bench for the friendly against Saudi Arabia.
4074	Chaucer takes on the alter ego of one of the ‘sondry folk’ (Book I, l. 25) setting out for the shrine of Thomas Becket.
4075	Cheap cosmetics and discount brand name makeup.
4076	Cheap fountain pens, she cautions, tend to be ‘quite scratchy, and you don’t get that lovely ink flow’.
4077	Check back here for updates on this process.
4078	Check back regularly for updates.
4079	Check bus times, and how to use park and ride.
4080	Check if the community campus is open and view timetable.
4081	Check in available at a time that suits you.
4082	Checking on the progressive course of cancer also stops a person from experiencing the problems of weaker immunity.
4083	Check in was good, room a little small as we had booked an.
4084	Check in with those goals on a monthly or quarterly basis.
4085	Check online for packaging suppliers and box manufacturers in your area.
4086	Check our listings to see what’s on for families when you visit—don’t miss our spectacular live shows!
4087	Check our website for more information and to see our full catalogue.
4088	Check our weekly schedule or phone us to find out more.
4089	Check out our Coeliac ambassador’s () blog on the topic, Karin recently made a roast dinner and it was a huge success.
4090	Check out our Facebook Page for what's happening at the park!
4091	Check out our for some unbeatable data deals for your unbeatable new iPhone.
4092	Check out our guide about the increase to contributions »
4093	Check out our range of cushions and throws and make your space as comfy and cosy as possible.
4094	Check out our Top 40 Woodworking Tools list.
4095	Check out the amazing acoustics inside the all-new Peugeot 5008 SUV with the premium Hi-Fi system from Focal®* with 10 built-in speakers for pure and sharp acoustics.
4096	Check out the Government's guidelines at https://www.
4097	Check out the info below on what else is attending.
4098	Check out the Interesting Talks Group at http://interestingtalks.
4099	Check out the latest Customer Service JobsCustomer Service Salaries at other companies.
4100	Check out this Gratitude Game that will help children reflect on what they are thankful for.
4101	Check slug traps daily, especially after damp weather.
4102	Check temperature before using first time.
4103	Check that nothing is left in the bottle and then remove it.
4104	Check that your electrical products have not been recalled (see link at top of page).
4105	Check the access requirements of any point before travelling.
4106	Check the course details on the website to find out whether this applies to you.
4107	Check the guides above to see if they provide an answer.
4108	Check to make sure the costs of their planned healthcare are covered by your company’s policy.
4109	Check with your neighbours that there’ll be enough room for the removals van to park on the day.
4110	Check your eligibility Always try and pay more than your minimum payment as paying only the minimum takes longer to pay off your balance and will cost your more money in the long run.
4111	Check your existing contract to see if you can switch.
4112	Check your taskbar to see if it is open and contains your voucher download.
4113	Cheers guys cracking effort!
4114	Cheetah Couriers are a very reliable and professional haulage company who are always ready to assist you with all your transport needs and requirements.
4115	Chef/Kitchen Team Players - Pay negotiable on experience £8.50 We are currently looking for a chef to join our team at the Bull Chef and Brewer.
4116	Chelmsford-based XDS Solutions was launched in 2013 to offer export managers a fast and simple way to manage customs clearance.
4117	CHELMSFORD City have secured a home play-off semi-final after defeating Eastbourne Borough 3-0 in their final game of the season.
4118	Chelmsford Crown Court heard how during 2015, predatory Rowley targeted the schoolgirls – who all lived in the Hertfordshire area – and demanded they send nude photographs or videos of themselves.
4119	Cheltenham Half MarathonDon’t care about the Cheltenham Half Marathon?
4120	Chemistry, Computer Science, Earth Sciences, Engineering Science, Materials, Mathematical Institute, Physics, Plant Sciences, Statistics and Zoology.
4121	Chemotherapy and radiotherapy may also be given before or after surgery, or as the main treatment if you can’t have surgery.
4122	Chemotherapy for children's cancers - Macmillan Cancer Support Find information, articles and activities relevant to you.
4123	Cheques should be made out(in sterling) to 'International Socialism Journal'.
4124	Cheriton is a contemporary and elegant freestanding electric fire featuring the Optiflame LED low energy effect with real coals effect option.
4125	Cheryl and Liam’s first picture together since the birth of baby Bear!
4126	Cheryl Johnston said: “2018 is set to be an exciting year for tourism in Mid and East Antrim with Lonely Planet naming the Causeway Coastal Route and Belfast the number one region to visit in the world.
4127	Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service will be working together with teams from Cheshire West and Chester Council (Food Hygiene, Licensing and Private Housing), Cheshire Police, Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and Home Office Immigration.
4128	Cheshire ponds are the north west leading pond Contractor.
4129	Cheshunt School is an independent school teaching a range of academic subjects to pupils of different ages.
4130	CHESTER: T’Pau in concert at The Live Rooms, Homer House, Station Road.
4131	Chester were looking lethargic and lacking in quality, with the Rocks nearly doubling their lead on 36 minutes as Sammons’ low ball found Higgins eight yards out but his header went wide.
4132	Chevrolet has claimed that the quality and pricing of its current range mean it now offer a car for everybody.
4133	Chicken and pork completely disagree with me so I have cut them out of my diet.
4134	Chicopee wipes provide a practical and highly effective way of getting the job done, no matter where you work!
4135	Chic weddings helped us with our chair covers and table centres and were brilliant and very reasonably priced too.
4136	Chief amongst them is Object Removal, which lets you define an area of the image that will then be magically removed.
4137	Chief economist at the British Chambers of Commerce, said, ‘An economic environment of low inflation and low interest rates allows people and firms to plan ahead, as they can be confident they will not encounter any unwelcome surprises.
4138	Chief executive at QEH, Jon Green, added: “The winter period has been challenging across the NHS and we continue to be extremely busy.”
4139	Chief financial officer Grant Murray has been paid £270,000 since his appointment in March 2011.
4140	Chief officer organisations have stated that monthly tests of this capability should take place to maintain familiarity with procedures.
4141	Chief People OfficerDanny is our Chief People Officer and is responsible for the people and culture that make Metro Bank a fantastic place to work.
4142	Child, A, Clarke, A, Fox, CA pharmacy led program to review anti-psychotic prescribing for people with dementia, vol.
4143	Childhood Christmases were spent cosied up within my family of five: two loving parents on hand to provide me with our childhood cravings; two lively brothers to provide me with snowy peltings.
4144	Child Nursing Postgraduate Diploma - This PG Dip course is for students…
4145	Child poverty rates are expected to rise between 2015–16 and 2020–21: by 3 percentage points (ppts) for absolute poverty and by 8ppts for relative poverty.
4146	Child protection concerns that end up in the courts continue to be treated in the same way as England.
4147	Children: (1-3 years) Half teaspoonful daily.
4148	Children and adolescents who have lost all that is familiar – home, family, friends, stability – are potent symbols of the dramatic impact of humanitarian crises on individual lives.
4149	Children and familiesGive us your feedback!
4150	Children and young people can enjoy the freedom to play, making choices and maybe even take a risk or two in the safety of the playground.
4151	Children and young people need to feel loved, secure and safe, and that there are people in their lives who will never give up on them.
4152	Children and Young People's Network - doitonline - DurhamWe recommend that you set up an account and login.
4153	Children are highly valued and benefit from interesting learning experiences provided by well experienced and qualified staff.
4154	Children are sponges: they watch and see far more than you realise and their future relationships are strongly influenced by how they see their parents relating.
4155	“Children choosing what they want to do, how they want to do it and when to stop and try something else.
4156	Children from three African countries, and others, talk about their lives.
4157	Children have varying needs that change over time and this should be taken into account at the time of each referral.
4158	Children in Kent using the reading scheme Busters Book Club are now officially members of the reading millionaires club.
4159	Children learned how good hydration improves mental and physical well-being and had access to Hydration Stations in all the classrooms.
4160	Children look forward to the summer holiday all year, but just a week in and they soon become bored, nowhere new to go or anything exciting to do.
4161	Children make good progress from their starting points and staff prepare them well for school.
4162	Children need to develop a strong work ethic at school to understand the importance of meeting deadlines, learning independently and establishing a good routine.
4163	Children over the age of 10 will be classed as adults for seating purposes.
4164	Children’s Centre staff have been keeping parents informed of the changes after they were agreed by the Council back in June.
4165	Children's courses also available for all abilities.
4166	Children start to recognise how to keep themselves and others safe and healthy.
4167	Children were tanned or pink from days in the sun, or bundled up in Quiksilver coats against the murky mist that often smothered the land.
4168	Children who achieve a healthy weight tend to be better able to learn and are more self-confident, all fantastic reasons to make 2018 the year your family gets started.
4169	Children will work the normal working hours of the organisation and they will be expected to provide their own lunch.
4170	China, is a prime example of that, and the rest of Asia, those markets are being developed and will be developed more.
4171	China’s building boom (and consequent concrete usage) is partly driven by the massive urbanisation that is taking place, but also the building required to feed industry.
4172	Chinese adult perception towards organ donation in Hong Kong.26th International Congress of The Transplantation Society, Hong Kong, 18-23 August 2016., S311-S311 Available from: http://eprints.
4173	“Chin up lads you never know what's next.”
4174	Chipping Barnet Library - Public Services - Golders Green - Golders Green TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
4175	Chlamydia is an STI that can affect fertility.
4176	Chloe Dellar, a former Travel and Tourism students, has got in touch to let us know how she is getting on after securing her dream job.
4177	Chloe Ferry shares VERY intimate video of boyfriend Sam Gowland…
4178	Chloe Fitzpatrick, a Burnley College student who was diagnosed with the allergy when she was two years old, produced a play performed last year with sisters Lucy, Sophie, and friend Sophie Guest, which formed the basis for the film.
4179	Chloroquine augments the binding of insulin to its receptor.
4180	CHMP2B is involved in moving membranes (protective layers of material) around cells.
4181	Chocolat Chocolat is famous for its handmade sheet chocolate, made with the finest Belgian chocolate in a unique French style by Isabelle.
4182	Chocolate can initially cause vomiting and diarrhoea, but is a stimulant and so can cause your dog to become excitable, as well as develop muscle twitching, tremors, fitting and life threatening problems with their heart.
4183	Chocolate crumpets with maple butterDelicious chocolate crumpets with melting maple butter make the perfect breakfast.
4184	Choice of 3 x Lynton decontamination unit / mobile three shower unit with clean end, shower, dirty end, gas boiler and electric points.
4185	Choice of Optiflame plus (real coals) and Optiflame Elite (log fuel effect).
4186	Choose a category to see our latest special offers; alternatively, to talk through making the best savings possible when choosing us for Fiat cars and aftersales, contact our friendly team in Wincanton today!
4187	Choose a solicitor who specialises in commercial property law.
4188	Choose between homely hardwood worktops of beech and oak or perhaps granite and marble for a modern Shaker Kitchen look.
4189	Choose Crystal if you want included tours.
4190	Choose from buildings and structures right down to the individuals who populate them.
4191	Choose from country house hotels set in beautiful landscapes, or townhouse and city hotels right at the heart of things.
4192	Choose from deep wood effect flooring, dark stone effect flooring and beautifully detailed mosaic effect flooring.
4193	Choose from our Brecon holiday cottages for a relaxing base for your break in this inspiring area.
4194	Choose from our city cars, estates, sports cars, convertibles, 4x4s and vans.
4195	Choose how and when you tell people.
4196	Choose neutral colours for walls and flooring to make the property more attractive to potential buyers.
4197	Choose one of the following options for the The Hague to Florence route: Michelin recommended, quickest, shortest or economical.
4198	Choose solid flooring.
4199	"Choose what you want to do – or watch someone else doing it.
4200	Choose whether you want the ticket delivered direct to your mobile phone or, for the longer life tickets or sent to you in the post.
4201	Choose wisely when buying appliances.
4202	Choose your equipment wisely.
4203	Choose your source and target marketplaces.
4204	Choosing a holiday destination for 2018 is no longer just about good weather and good food.
4205	Choosing different styles of clothing made of fabric that doesn’t crease easily will make your life so much easier.
4206	Choosing to have a water meter fitted is free and it helps put you in control of your bill.
4207	Chop the chocolate and melt it in a bain-marie or in the microwave at 500W stirring every 30 seconds.
4208	Chose this cruise because of time of year I can vacation and amount of days that I can do.
4209	Chris Birks and Hayley Hammond, Breakfast presenters on More Radio, will also be appearing together in the pantomime on 7 December 6pm.
4210	Chris commented, “I enjoyed the experience tremendously.
4211	Chris gave up alcohol for the month of January, raising £466 for RLSS UK.
4212	Chris has research experience in microscope technology from both university and commercial contexts.
4213	Chris lay in bed.
4214	Chris Shelton, DACO education officer, says: “In order to maintain our current ability to officiate in the Premier, A and B Devon Cricket League matches we need to train up more umpires.”
4215	Christa also works as an Associate Lecturer, University of Central Lancashire where she has developed a Post Graduate Certificate focused on Community Engagement and the Arts.
4216	Christians in Syria prepare for a ‘wounded Christmas’
4217	Christmas can be an exhausting time what with all of the shopping, cooking and entertaining, not to mention the socialising, eating and drinking!
4218	Christmas comes early for North East charitiesVONNE are pleased that last week, the Chancellor announced £4m of Government funding for the Virgin Money Foundation to support charitable projects in the North East.
4219	Christmas is a great time to show people what you can do.
4220	Christmas is a time to show your family, friends and loved ones that you really care, so it's important to make time for those special people in your life amidst the stresses of present buying and outfit-choosing.
4221	Christmas is so 2017.
4222	Christmas music and carols for all the family featuring the choirs of Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral and special guests!
4223	Christmas party season is almost upon us which is why, as part of our Belfast Loves campaign, we asked our readers to nominate their favourite hairdressers.
4224	Christmas proper starts at 4pm on Christmas Eve when the tree, adorned with red candles, is lit for the first time and the family gathers round to sing carols, including Silent Night, which was written in Austria in 1818.
4225	Christmas saying "A host with hostess…", commentary.
4226	Christopher Ball is set to run around Orford Park for 24 hours in memory of his dad Derek.
4227	Christopher is an effective and successful business and community leader with 30 years + experience of management and governance developed in a wide range of commercial, educational, public and third sector contexts.
4228	Christopher Isherwood’s moving account of one day in the life of a bereaved gay man is now perhaps overshadowed by Tom Ford’s beautiful 2009 film adaption of the same name.
4229	Christopher Marlowe, who was a contemporary of Shakespeare, was born in the city and there is a wonderful theatre and concert hall named after him, and Chaucer's Canterbury Tales was is celebrated in a display at St Margaret's Church.
4230	Christos Arghyris, a union rep at Athens’ large Gennimatas hospital, spoke to Socialist Worker about the situation.
4231	Chris was worried that if he didn't pay premium prices he wouldn't get premium quality.
4232	Chrome on solid brass with screwdown action and ceramic indices.
4233	Chromosome centromere positions were determined by finding the three-dimensional coordinates of the centromere midpoint.
4234	Chunky wooden furniture and a fireplace stacked with logs bring the country feel, while a gilded mirror and display cabinets bring an air of formality.
4235	Churchill is not just a college, its an international community.
4236	CI Mitson added: “We have targeted patrols in place and are employing a number of tactics to try and trace those responsible for the thefts.
4237	Cinnabar occurs in small amounts in several drainage samples from the area but is particularly abundant (up to 2000 ppm Hg) in samples derived from an area underlain by Middle Devonian rocks, chiefly mafic volcanics, in the northeast of the area.
4238	Cirrus Information Technology Limited is an IT solutions company specialising in support of HR and Payroll software.
4239	C is better, hazeleyes, normal service is resumed and Harry Potter rides again!
4240	Citizens Advice has a statutory duty to investigate the post market to protect consumers, and receives separate funding for this purpose.
4241	City and Neighbourhood in the first instance.
4242	City employment has also begun to rise and is forecast to continue to grow.
4243	CityFibre has invested heavily in the town of Bournemouth to transform it into a 'Gigabit Town'.
4244	City Index is a trading name of GAIN Capital UK Limited.
4245	City Moves is a dance venue where people of different ages and abilities can watch and participate in a variety of dancing activities.
4246	City Sightseeing (Stirling) is a tour guide providing visitors with information on various aspects of the local area.
4247	City U11`s Score after 10 seconds and run out comfortable 9-2 winners at CS Bobcats.
4248	Civica has a network monitoring solution in place ‘OpsView’ as well as a full antivirus and anti-malware solution.
4249	Claire Low, vet at Swayne and Partners in Bury St Edmunds, treated Charlie and her message to dog owners if they suspect a bite is to see a vet immediately.
4250	Clan Legend’s latest Kelso win came in the memorial race for Nick’s father, Cyril, nine months ago.
4251	Clare and Co. Warrington, cotton-spinners-Foster and Co. John Street, Bedford.
4252	Clare, who met John while studying at Myerscough College, has done similar.
4253	Clarification of help provision is needed to those young carers with an outcome of no further action after the Child and Family Assessment.
4254	Clarifying that where schools lose income from this change of formula it will be for the individual school to decide how to cover that funding gap.
4255	Clarke continued “This agreement supports our strategic development of developing in niche and non-standard markets where it is profitable to do so.”
4256	Clarke had 88 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.
4257	Classes are very much discussion-based, with the teacher simply directing and posing questions.
4258	Classes as usual (control) - but these schools will get the same training and intervention six months later.
4259	Classical crossover success story Il Divo will be joined by the Heart of England Philharmonic Orchestra, and special guest Martine McCutheon.
4260	Classic fish recipes on a budget.
4261	Classics is not a narrow vocational subject but employers prize the rigorous analytical training that a Classics degree entails.
4262	Classification, (hierarchical clustering, partitioning and discriminant analysis) are also relevant.
4263	Classroom app permissions: Admins can configure Classroom app permissions to automatically allow teachers to take control of students' devices.
4264	Classroom based training is increasingly being replaced by on-line provision and opportunities for release-from-work for study days are restricted as budgets are squeezed.
4265	Claudia mistral leather upholstery with heated front seats, 8 way electric driver seat with lumbar adj + memory and massage function £1490.
4266	Clause 4 sets out a presumptive 50:50 split of property.
4267	Claws, teeth, scary eyes and blood, lots of blood – those were my first thoughts.
4268	Cleaned and back in orginal boxes.
4269	Clean, spacious and plenty of storage.
4270	Clean your baby's bottom thoroughly in warm water each time you change them.
4271	Clear about what you expect from employees - in terms of attendance and performance during the World Cup.
4272	Clearly, the right to buy can only be exercised by eligible tenants if they know about it, can check their eligibility and have sufficient information about their right to buy.
4273	Clearly, we do not want to lose these employees!
4274	“Clearly we’re very sensitive to small variations in the timetable and obviously today has been a major change.
4275	Clear metric and imperial graduations with highlighted joist marks every 16".
4276	ClearTax work closely with Independent Financial Advisers to provide our clients with impartial advice in areas such as Pensions, Life Assurance and Investments.
4277	Clear up soiling accidents straightaway, wash with hot soapy water and disinfect with a disinfectant or bleach.
4278	Clerks should also have the use of a car.
4279	Clevedon pupils have received help from the town’s community bookshop.
4280	Clevedon School staff and students involved in the Broadchurch production.
4281	Cleveland provides an effective service in preventing crime and reoffending.
4282	Clever hearing dog puppy Katy has passed another stage of training - and is now able to wear her smart 'I'm learning' jacket when out in public!
4283	Clever Marketing – Attract an audience interested in your business to secure that deal!
4284	Click above for he Council of Europe’s Education and Languages, Language Policy platform on the linguistic and educational integration of children and adolescents from migrant backgrounds.
4285	Click here for more details about Can I Opt in or Out of the Open Register?
4286	Click here for more information on our data lists for Photographers and related businesses across the UK.
4287	Click here to download the terms and conditions for Australia.
4288	Click here to find our how we can help raise funds for your company.
4289	Click here to go to Big Cycle events page, read more and sign up!
4290	Click here to opt out of CookieQ (Baycloud Systems) »
4291	Clicking on the intervention title provides a summary of the findings, any noteworthy issues relating to the intervention, and access to the references for further reading.
4292	Click on the 'Delete Last Payment' button at the bottom of the page.
4293	Click on the links in each box for more information.
4294	Click on the right-hand tab to reveal a city map showing the location of our car rental in Sheffield offices.
4295	Click on the title of the topic to enter that topic.
4296	Click the following link to download an electronic contact card, or vCard, containing the contact details for Mr David Hodge CBE.
4297	Click the following link to download an electronic contact CSV file, containing the contact details for Councillor Barrie Warburton.
4298	Click the Forgot your password?
4299	Click the image to read the article.
4300	Click the link below to view the lecture, chaired by David Cleevely.
4301	Click the red record icon, then click anywhere to start recording the full screen, or click and drag across the FaceTime window if you want to be more selective.
4302	Click through a listing to find more information, additional photographs and a tailored finance quotation.
4303	Click through the options below to find out more information on each of our individual Time and Attendance packages.
4304	Click to confirm the rule.
4305	Clients do not pay until leaflet drop is complete.
4306	Clients that use this service include consultants, landfill operators, contractors and developers.
4307	Cliffe Castle Museum will be closed for one day on Tuesday, 1 May.
4308	Clifton Drive South, Lytham St. Annes FY8 One Bedroom First Floor Apartment in Grade II Listed Building.
4309	Climb these; over stile at top (WW); follow fence on right.
4310	Clinical audit was well managed and used to drive improvement.
4311	Clinical depression is the leading cause of non-fatal disability in the world and contributes to massive socioeconomic impact in terms of time off work and reduced productivity.
4312	Clinicians who discuss their early ideas with patients and the public, consult their local Research Design Service (RDS) and involve appropriate research methodologists are most likely to succeed.
4313	Clissold Park is a designated community park set in (22.57 hectares (55.8 acres)) at Stoke Newington, within the London Borough of Hackney.
4314	Clitheroe, Canon Graham William Vicar of Holy Trinity (1884-1968) Vicar of Holy Trinity 1931-64 who helped to save his church during the Blitz of Coventry by extinguishing incendiaries falling from the sky and throwing them from the church roof.
4315	Clive Emson Auctioneers was founded in 1989 to supply a high profile auctioneering facility to estate agents, private clients and statutory bodies.
4316	Clive is a registered architect and member of the RIBA who studied architecture at Cardiff University at the University of Wales.
4317	Cllr Huggett will be stepping down as mayor to become the first female leader of the Redbridge Conservative group, replacing Cllr Paul Canal who has led the group since 2014.
4318	Cllr Keith Baker, leader of Wokingham Borough Council, said: “Our companies continue to grow and mature, setting a high standard for local authority companies across the country.
4319	Cllr Lisa Trickett in a council meeting this week clarified that she is keen to maintain the green credentials of the council, and that there was no intention of reducing the recycling target for the local authority.
4320	Cllr Lucy Hodgson, Cabinet Member for Localism and Communities added: "The young people of Worcestershire, entrants and finalists should be really proud of their efforts in this year's competition.
4321	Cllr Lynden Stowe, the leader of Cotswold District Council has recently approved a range of applications for funding worth a total of £29,000 which will benefit many local communities and young people across the District.
4322	Cllr Packham added: “Over the 13 years Ian has been in post he has worked with a number of chairmen and councillors to deliver major projects that have benefited the town.
4323	Cllr Phil Bibby is leader of the Opposition (and the Conservative Party) while Cllr Robin Parker remains leader of the Liberal Democrats.
4324	Cllr Reeve he was saddened personally to lose his seat.
4325	Cllr Susan Hinchcliffe, Chair of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority and Leader of Bradford Council, said: “The impact High Speed Rail will have on our City Region is truly transformational.
4326	Close family friend Lisa Yearn takes up the story: “Sadly, in March, Lucy became incredibly unwell and was in hospital.
4327	Closer examination shows that it also has finely incised decoration, representing a fascinating find in a most unusual location.
4328	Close to bars, airport, railway station.
4329	Close to the harbour is the Free Presbyterian Church built in 1829 to a design.
4330	Close to the historic and reputedly haunted Tutbury Castle, the hotel is the perfect location to explore the nearby towns of Burton on Trent, Derby and Uttoxeter, or enjoy some of the lovely surrounding Staffordshire countryside.
4331	Closing date is 27th March 2018.
4332	Cloudamour is a next generation IT service provider that focuses on Cloud solutions.
4333	Cloudier with some showers for afternoon.
4334	Cloud solutions, such as Dropbox and Evernote, provide two alternatives to external storage.
4335	Club Premises Certificates are licences which authorise qualifying clubs to use club premises for qualifying club activities.
4336	Clubs around the Football League have begun their transfer business for the summer – and Scunthorpe United will be among those looking to strengthen their squad.
4337	Clue: Your chosen provider should be able to answer ‘yes’ to all of the above.
4338	CLUTCH for 156 1.6/1,8Note: A delivery charge of £9.95 will be added to all orders.
4339	CO2 from road transport dropped by 0.4 per cent between 1990 and 2015, whereas emissions from energy and business fell by 44 per cent and 39 per cent respectively over the same period.
4340	Coaching and all equipment will be supplied at the Open Day.
4341	Coach Mark Russell of Grimsthorpe Shooting Ground gives us a guide to shooting grouse targets.
4342	Coach Promo Codes & Discount Codes - VoucherCodes We have updated our Cookie Notice.
4343	Coach transfer to the Corona Volcano (45 minutes), Lanzarote’s highest.
4344	Coal was mined here from a shaft 36 m deep in 1835, but the seams were very thin and only a small amount of coal was mined.
4345	Coastal Access Natural England’s Approved Scheme - NE269Natural England uses cookies to make this site simpler.
4346	Coastguard officials were called to reports of a child and a woman in distress in the water at 11.30am.
4347	Coatbridge has several landmarks including St Augustine’s Church, Coatbridge Library, the Cattle Market Building and the Summerlee Heritage Park 2008 Extension.
4348	Coated with ultra smooth, long lasting lubricant that enhances the experience.
4349	COBS 19.6A Restrictions on early exit charges in personal pension schemes and stakeholder pension schemes - FCA Handbook This website uses cookies.
4350	Cochran, who represented himself in court, was found guilty of three counts of theft, three of attempted theft, five of fraud and one of blackmail.
4351	COCON 4 - FCA Handbook This website uses cookies.
4352	Cocoon Fabric Art Ltd. designs and produces contemporary, limited edition textile wall hangings and cushions that create authentic interiors.
4353	Coercive control refers to someone controlling their partner through a pattern of behaviours, and is now recognised as domestic abuse.
4354	Coffee Pot: Each Tuesday, St John’s Methodist Church holds a “coffee pot” session with home-made cakes in the coffee lounge.
4355	Coffins can be ordered and would be available within a few days at no additional cost to the family.
4356	Co-founder of the petition and business owner Hillary Taylor said: “Waiting for planning permission may be too late.
4357	Cohen and Gingerich do not claim that local humanitarian leadership is a panacea, nor do they belittle what international humanitarian agencies must continue to do.
4358	Coherence sensitivity of two motion systems in the infant.
4359	Coincidence, most probably.
4360	Co-lead author Dr Proops, of the University of Portsmouth, said: "We know that horses are socially intelligent animals, but this is the first time any mammal has been shown to have this particular ability.
4361	Colehall Health Centre is a medical establishment providing a range of healthcare for patients.
4362	Colin Brown provides original research into the heroes of Waterloo and the myths that have clouded the real story.
4363	Colin Thornton, AIM Altitude engineering director, added: “We’re very proud to be involved in the project.
4364	Collaborated data from ARC, Weatherbys and the Horserace Betting Levy Board (“HBLB”) has confirmed ARC met these commitments set out in the first year of the Prize Money Agreement.
4365	Collect free donations when you shop with Boots.
4366	Collect free donations when you shop with Insurance4carhire.
4367	Collecting all of this together can help you grieve now and is something to take with you to look at in the future.
4368	Collecting donations for our local…
4369	Collections include fashion accessories, homeware, food items and gifts and racegoers are invited to browse and purchase during their visit.
4370	Collectors also seek out these bears to add to their collections.
4371	Collegue Hayley Sandison and some of the Residents at Clarendon Hall, all got together for.
4372	Collette Hanlon SBID is a Norwich-based interior designer and creative director at Home Stagers, which specialises in “staging to sell” bespoke show homes, show home rental furniture and property presentation.
4373	Colmestone Gate is a place in South Edinburgh with a small number of businesses.
4374	Combat the risk at source - eg if steps are slippery, replace or treat them rather than just putting up a warning sign.
4375	Combined fuel consumption measured according to ECE norm: 10.5 l/100 km and 240 g/km CO2.
4376	Combined, our Costco foundation and car hire expertise ensure you receive the quality, value and experience you deserve as a Costco member.
4377	Combined with our knowledge of HDMI distribution, CCTV and networking products we should be able to sell you all the tools and equipment you need to get yoru customer the signal they need to their TV.
4378	Combined with short overhangs and the latest generation Electronic Stability Programme (ESP) with electronic axle differential, this makes for safe and predictable handling.
4379	Combine the colour with light wood work surfaces to create that traditional farmhouse style or go modern by pairing it with granite.
4380	Combine with our Botanical Christmas to an extra special festive table spread.
4381	Combining a flexible installation and reassuring safety features, the Aqua 3500M is the ideal family showering solution.
4382	“Combining all of this intelligence helps us to deny criminals the use of the roads in these areas.”
4383	Combining CACI data with clients’ own data provides an understanding of customer behaviour, preferences and motivations as well as measuring over and under referrals from GP surgeries.
4384	Combining superb craftmanship with stunning cabinetry, the bathroom collection offers a range of stylish, timeless furniture.
4385	Combining super-soft touch fabrics with subtle Superdry detailing to enhance your Yoga workout.
4386	Come across Out What Your Clientele Have in Frequent.
4387	Come along and give it a try.
4388	Come along and… https://t.
4389	Come along and make your own boat and find out about the fascinating history of the river and these barges.
4390	Come along and see how we work for you.
4391	Come along to one of the venues and meet with us to discuss the importance of dog etiquette and how to report suspicious.
4392	Come and enjoy quality time with your baby at a quality class.
4393	Come and see for yourself (if you haven’t already).
4394	Come and see our new range of Christmas personalised Santa Sacks on sale now.
4395	Come and view a range of plots around the sites and choose your lodge from a range available!
4396	Comedy Events in Swindon - Whats on - Swindon TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4397	Come home to slow living.
4398	Come in, grab a cup of complimentary tea, coffee or soft drink and meet a member of the Bathroom Solutions Design Team.
4399	Come see your favorite WWE Superstars and Divas in action.
4400	Comes with Air conditioning, Remote central locking, Alloy wheels, Metallic paint.
4401	Cometh the hour cometh the man.
4402	“Comfortable appartment in a lively area” Myself and 3 friends arrived at the appartment to be met by Jean-Francois who was very friendly and helpful.
4403	Comfortable, teat-ended and safe for all types of sex, use with a water-based lubricant for enhanced pleasure sessions.
4404	Comfortably nestled into the top spot is this account from Secure Trust Bank, which pays a market-leading, quarterly variable rate of 1.66% AER (1.65% gross) on a minimum investment of £1,000.
4405	Comfort, Nicholas, Giovanni Salzano and Sonia Sirletti, 2018, “Five Charts that Explain how European Banks are Dealing with their Bad-Loan Problem”, Bloomberg Markets (14 February), https://tinyurl.
4406	Coming back to where we came in, you are no longer hide-bound by white colouring.
4407	‘Coming from the back of a World Cup final, you can’t find a more pressurised situation than that.
4408	Commander Stuart Cundy, from the Metropolitan Police, said: "Our thoughts are with everyone involved in this truly shocking fire at Grenfell Tower.
4409	Commentary will be provided by the noted author and historian Graham Robson, who will also be interviewing the many ex-works mechanics and drivers who will be attending the show.
4410	Commenting, Katy Worobec, Director of FFA UK, said: “Tackling financial fraud is a priority for our members and a great deal of progress continues to be made.
4411	Commenting on the catwalk, visitors Jodie Bowden and John Parker from Newton Abbott, said: “We absolutely loved it; it was awesome.
4412	Commenting on the event, our CEO Peter Hewitt said: “The topping out marks another step in the journey to transform the experience of cancer patients at Guy's - something we wholeheartedly support.”
4413	Commenting on the fusing of BMW's and Daimler's DriveNow and car2go car-sharing companies into a joint entity, Frost & Sullivan Industry.
4414	Commenting on the tournament, Ben said: “The whole day worked extremely well and was very enjoyable.
4415	Comments can be submitted beyond this period if there is a reason for this.
4416	Commercial and Residential Landlord & Tenant including service charge disputes, possession claims, enfranchisement and lease extensions.
4417	Commercial and technical opportunities are also available, or you could go on to postgraduate study.
4418	Commercial, Industrial and Domestic Drainage The north west''s premier independent Drain specialists.
4419	Commercialisation – well, why not?
4420	Commercial waste, retail waste, property, bulky waste, garden rubbish, WEEE disposal, building waste and construction waste, including plasterboard disposal.
4421	Commissioned by HEFCE and organised by the Leadership Foundation for Higher Education.
4422	Commissioner on £20k drugs raid in Eastwood, Rotherham Commissioner on £20k drugs raid in Eastwood, Rotherham Browser does not support script.
4423	Committees and groups chaired by the President & Vice-Chancellor or of which he is a member.
4424	Common gene fault triggers more aggressive cervical cancer -
4425	Common ground was most clear when it came to the likely form of a future library.
4426	Common land is in private rather than public ownership, and the rights of access differ depending on individual circumstances, many of which refer to largely out-dated concepts such as grazing rights.
4427	Common mistakes in Down Dog and how to fix them.
4428	Common SNPs will be identified in all exons of the genome, and in collaboration with other groups, a map of common haplotypes in each gene will be produced, and the association between common haplotypes and disease will be determined.
4429	Common stairwell with entry phone.
4430	Communication centre for young people with communication and language difficulties.
4431	Communication is thus key to protecting employee health.
4432	Communication with the Activision servers has been interrupted?
4433	“Communism is 20th century Americanism”
4434	Communities will be required to have publicly available information on their actions to become dementia friendly.
4435	Community Catalysts helps local people use their energies and talents to deliver sustainable social care and health support and services for other local people, creating local jobs and volunteering opportunities.
4436	Community organisations appealed for food and funds, and ensured that many Asian landlords and shops extended lines of credit during the dispute.
4437	Community Planning Bitesize is just that – a short, two page newsletter which breaks community planning down into bitesize chunks but gives you contact details and web links to allow you to find out more about topics that are of interest.
4438	Commuters know that it can be hot on London Underground’s network, especially in stations and tunnels.
4439	Commuting by car to Bridge of Dee, Aberdeen takes around half an hour.
4440	“Companies and even entire industries are alienating people due to outdated notions of what is appropriate for work.”
4441	‘Companies are clearly still thinking about new ways to drive their growth and as our research shows entering new markets as well as launching new products and services are high on SMEs’ agendas.
4442	"Companies are keen to get Age OK on their products and communicate that it is an inclusive product.
4443	Companies avoiding the ban could face fines of up to £500,000.
4444	“Companies here tell us they chose Leavesden Park because it is the smartest location in Watford for small companies, and we’re determined to keep it that way.”
4445	Companies involved in a qualifying R&D activity may claim additional tax relief on certain costs incurred directly in the R&D process.
4446	Companies must take steps to address many types of risk – financial, operational, reputational, and others.
4447	Companies owning buy to let property and wealthy cash investors were excluded from the tax.
4448	Company reference books getting out of date?
4449	Compare Card Processing is a price comparison website that provides its users with valuable information about the processing card payments and the best ways for businesses to save money in these areas.
4450	Compared to DDR3, DDR4 RAM offers higher data transfer rates and power efficiency improvements that make it ideal for servers and data centres, where the power consumption of hundreds of machines adds up fast.
4451	Compared to my previous car, a bit disappointed with m.p.g. It is of course, off-set by zero road tax.
4452	Compared to other techniques, cryo-EM offers optimal specimen preservation under near native conditions.
4453	Compared to the legendary Cape Epic mountain bike stage race in South Africa, will see riders compete in the six-day cross country venture.
4454	Compare our great range of credit card products, deals and offers - whether you’re looking to do a balance transfer, make every day purchases, or simply to build up your credit history.
4455	Comparison can be made with the slim Series 30 lift-out system which, set 50mm from the existing window, will reduce noise levels by 38dB (decibels).
4456	Comparison sites can be useful because they show all the information in one place.
4457	Compatible with most cuffs, customise your play by attaching your favourite accessories to the pin-lock and bar loops.
4458	Competing on identical bikes, coached by pro riders, racing for individual glory.
4459	Competition for custom is particularly fierce during the festive period.
4460	Competition starts 12.00 noon, listed below are all events grouped under the relevant age ranges.
4461	Competition Terms and ConditionsHow much is my home worth?
4462	Compile monthly reports including external training scheduled, attendance, cancellations and evaluation form results.
4463	Complacent he is not.
4464	Complaince with mandatory training, skills and drills training, appraisals and induction for bank and agency staff were consistent high throughout the service.
4465	Complaints about the overall policies or procedures of a police force are often referred to as 'direction and control issues'.
4466	Complaints and queries to managers have never been responded to.
4467	Complaints by members of staff will be dealt through the grievance procedure.
4468	Complaints received of youths congregating on High Street, using abusive language.
4469	Complaints relating to Surrey Police officers, staff and/or policies and procedures are handled by Surrey Police’s Professional Standards Department (PSD).
4470	Complaints were made about the haphazard parking in the streets, and one estimate put the cost of widening spaces to £10,000.
4471	Complete and submit the final Incidental Financial Business Compliance Certificate to the Society for the period from the date of the last certificate to the date of cessation.
4472	Complete a new Childcare Allowance application form and post it back to us, together with a covering letter.
4473	Complete a risk assessment form prior to your journey.
4474	Complete Contractor provides cover for companies operating in a wide range of trades from carpet fitters to builders and electricians to interior designers.
4475	Complete kit includes showerlight fascia, inline fan, 3 metre flexible 10cm diameter ducting, external fixed grill & steel hose clamps.
4476	Complete the application and we will contact you.
4477	Complete the form by 11th March 2016 to feature on the site at launch.
4478	Complete the look with a co-ordinated midi unit,LED Strip or back to wall unit.
4479	Complete with 9 piece accessory kit for carpets, floors, curtains and upholstery.
4480	Complete with Dolly carrier, front basket.
4481	Complete with pre-fitted grilles and side panels, conforms to prevailing standards of quality and safety.
4482	Completing initial fact finds with clients.
4483	Complex anal fistulae/stenosis were associated with a very low chance of restoring continuity (10% and 0%, respectively), while colitis was associated with a higher chance of restoring continuity (48%).
4484	Compliance results for every single interface block will be reported individually, in addition to a unified compliance report for the entire configuration by doing 'AND' of all the individual results.
4485	Complicated podiatric procedures are performed by surgeons, but most podiatrists can perform minor nail surgeries and the like, again what a podiatrist can do is determined by their qualifications and experienced in the fields.
4486	Complimentary tiled walls, radiator, plumbing for washing machine, wall mounted Ideal gas boiler system.
4487	Composers and Instruments, Music, Key Stage 3 - Interactive Whiteboard Resources - Topmarks Please enable JavaScript for the best experience on this website.
4488	Compound Semiconductor Research Foundation - Higher Education Funding Council for EnglandThe HEFCE website uses cookies to make the site more efficient.
4489	Comprehensive free information and advice offering support to any type of business, whether you're starting up, already running a business or looking to grow and develop.
4490	Comprehensive Performance Assessment (CPA) and Fire and Rescue Performance FrameworkThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience.
4491	Comprehensive product ranges like the Exhibition Collection at printed.com are a great way to make sure you’re getting everything you need in one quick order instead of wasting time shopping around various sites.
4492	Comprehensive range of integrated 'Hotpoint' appliances 'including' twin electric oven/grill, microwave oven, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, washer/dryer and coffee machine.
4493	Comprising of a matching range of wall and base units.
4494	Compromise no more with the Ford Galaxy.
4495	Computer equipment covered under Specified Items Cover, Personal Belongings Away From The Home Cover and Students' Contents Away From The Home Cover will automatically be covered for accidental damage.
4496	Computer Resale is a computer retailer selling a variety of computers, computer components and other accessories.
4497	Concealing the truth or deliberately withholding information is a very serious matter and people are rejected at the vetting stage for this reason.
4498	Conceptualise designs for game formats exploring two and three-dimensional space, time and user interaction.
4499	Concerning the remainder of the supposed £36 debt prioress EG is in mercy for false claim.
4500	Concerns must be managed in a proactive, open, honest and realistic manner.
4501	Concert Piano Hire in Hackney-marshes - Mildren Pianos LtdThis website may use cookies.
4502	“Concierge service is great and staff is helpful”
4503	Concierge services and a smartphone-based sharable digital ‘key’ feature will also be offered, and customers will be presented with a “single, all-inclusive payment that can be topped up by additional on-demand services if required”.
4504	CONCLUSION: Current coverage and completeness of reporting of malaria parasitological diagnosis across Kenya's public health system remains poor.
4505	CONCLUSIONS: In 2007, 54.7 million pregnancies occurred in areas with stable P. falciparum malaria and a further 70.5 million in areas with exceptionally low malaria transmission or with P. vivax only.
4506	CONCLUSIONS: Our novel integration of principal components analysis and hierarchical clustering establishes a connection between the representation of the expression data and the number of cell types that can be discovered.
4507	Conditions of approval (Approved Contractor Scheme) See Approved Contractor Scheme additional conditions.
4508	Conditions such as athlete’s foot, verrucae, fungal nail infection and plantar fasciitis.
4509	Conducting research in volatile locations like the Central African Republic (CAR) requires the agility to constantly adapt.
4510	Conference to coordinate or party to plan?
4511	Confex 2018 will once again see the return of the Association Event Forum to the event, which kicks off on February 28th.
4512	Confidence enhancing challenges alongside barrels of laughs are on the menu, before you finish on a high with two unforgettable 60+m Zip Wires.
4513	• Confidentiality at all times.
4514	Confidently stash your mobile device anywhere on your body—or even just somewhere nearby—without the inconvenience of signal drops and music skips.
4515	Configuration and change management approach All change control requests are logged in our change management tool called RedMine, which provides the ability to track all issues until they are resolved.
4516	Confirming the incident, a PSNI spokesperson said: "Police are currently in attendance at the report of an altercation involving a number of pupils at a school in the Melmount Road area of Strabane.
4517	Conform Construction is based in Pepper Road, Leeds - see map for location of Pepper Road.
4518	Confronted with such obstinacy, I suddenly realised how easy it has been for ‘consensus’ scientists to promulgate their alarmist narrative all these years.
4519	Confused about what's happening in Ukraine?
4520	Confused by the different board options available on your TUI holiday?
4521	Congratulations on receiving your invitation to shoot.
4522	Congratulations to BWF Member Morris Joinery shortlisted in their.
4523	Congratulations to former Bury Town goalkeeper Nick Pope who has today completed a move to the Premier League as he joins newly promoted Burnley.
4524	Congratulations to Megan Bywater who has been awarded a long term EMBO Fellowship.
4525	"Congratulations to the winning teams from St Julian's and Caerleon and we look forward to seeing what they go on to produce in the final.
4526	Congress and the White House, with an eye to China, are now working on measures that would tighten rules governing foreign investments, setting up a clash between two perennial American political priorities - jobs and national security.
4527	Congress notes with deep concern the planned mass charter deportation flight to Nigeria in the next few days (information circulated by Movement for Justice on 4 May).
4528	Conor Moon as the mayor encapsulated the town’s self-justificatory logic as he thanked Ill for restoring the community’s lost wealth.
4529	Consent is normally required to display an advertisement, or to carry out works to or demolish a listed building.
4530	Consent to transfusion and information provision.
4531	Consequently, I have no hesitation in recommending Flemings and it will be first on my list to find me my next car.
4532	Consequently we required a new website which reflected our design focus, scope of activity and efficiency of delivery.
4533	Conservation-minded hotel group Inkaterra has a sanctuary on site at their Machu Picchu Pueblo Hotel.
4534	Conservative Paul Carter landed a seat in the Ottery Rural Ward, which he will represent alongside fellow newcomer Matt Coppell of the EDA.
4535	Conservatory 14' 6'' x 12' 2'' (4.412m x 3.697m) maximums Requiring refurbishment the conservatory has a entrance door to the garden to the rear elevation.
4536	Considerable progress has been made to establish an integrated 0-5 year old service with significant improvement in data capture and in performance against key performance indicators.
4537	Consider Agatha Christie, arguably the most popular writer of the 20th century, whose entire oeuvre remains in print.
4538	“Consider and highlight the skills that you have developed during those periods.
4539	Consideration could be given to conducting experiments which involve the immersion of contaminated oyster batches for short periods in warm seawater, at temperatures at which the enzymes will be more efficient (generally >30°C).
4540	Consideration of how essential infrastructure to support housing development can be funded.
4541	Consider building a Service Level Agreement (SLA) scheduling stock calls, regular monthly reports and quarterly reviews.
4542	Consider how you might feel if a member of your household took to taking money when they felt the urge.
4543	Consider including until sales end and using language on your website such as “limited time” or “limited quantity.”
4544	Considering Legal action may not be the first thing a parent or guardian thinks about when symptoms first become clear, or indeed at present, during this current media furore regarding Sodium Valproate Syndrome.
4545	Considering that I started from position 17 and was the last car in turn one, things didn’t go too badly.
4546	Considering that the car is aimed squarely at driving enthusiasts, it seems unlikely many buyers will want it over the slick-changing six-speed manual.
4547	Consider non-preserved solutions with a balance of hyaluronic acid and osmolarity/tonicity control.
4548	Consider placing smaller items in a secure cabinet within your shed or garage, or store them in your home.
4549	Consider real possibilities and don’t be afraid to ask them directly!
4550	Consider reviewing the developmental opportunities available for junior physiotherapists.
4551	Consider that long term against buying a new bed every three-to-five years and you're looking at reducing the impact on both our planet, and on your wallet.
4552	Consider using a instead of a shower curtain to create the appearance of a more open room.
4553	Consider using a separate space with more comfortable lighting and furniture for researchers.
4554	Consider what types of objects survive and who they represent.
4555	Console players should not have to worry too much about this as the software should already be optimised, and console titles rarely have many options to tweak anyway.
4556	Consolidate and grow our globally competitive research capability and capacity.
4557	Constant fresh air – even with closed windows.
4558	Constitutions were drawn up to instil more structure into activities and regulate events according to rules.
4559	Construct an action plan and agree how it will be implemented and evaluated with your mentor.
4560	Constructed by energy company E.ON, the Humber Gateway is one of Britain’s newest wind power generating locations, and it’s this 21st century addition to the seas to the north of Spurn that will now provide a new backdrop.
4561	Construction began in early 1987, the building contractor being JA Elliott of Bishop’s Stortford.
4562	Consultant neurologists at King’s College Hospital are very hopeful that home testing will lead to more accurate epilepsy diagnoses; more prompt administration of treatment, and ultimately better outcomes for people with epilepsy.
4563	Consultation on transparency in supply chains in t We use cookies on this website.
4564	Consulting about the new direction of the council's housing strategy.
4565	Consumer Insight Tracker website is an online data resource, providing a uniquely detailed picture of today's consumers.
4566	Consumer price inflation basket of goods and services: 2018 article details the annual review process for the items making up the inflation basket used to calculate the UK consumer price inflation indices and describes the changes in the latest year.
4567	Consumer safety is the number one priority for the cosmetics industry across Europe.
4568	Consumers make around two million visits into garden centres each year to buy and spend gift vouchers.
4569	Consumers nowadays select furniture, especially seated products, based on price, aesthetics, colour, feel and comfort.
4570	Consuming dung reduces the level of flies and other pests found on farms, which helps to protect livestock.
4571	Consumption is claimed at 4.1L/100km, and emissions at 108g/km.
4572	Contact 0300 0676 615 to book of for more information.
4573	Contact Ben Crooks at News UK Commercial on 020 7680 6833 to discover the full range of Euro 2016 opportunities for The Times & The Sunday Times.
4574	Contact details for Historic England's main offices, local offices, the Historic England Archive, Customer Services and the Press Office.
4575	Contact Event organiser for The Chicken Shack Christmas Eve Special, Market PlaceDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4576	Contacting your landlord to see if there is any help they can give you.
4577	Contact John Kilkenny Cars of Edinburgh, Scotland Warning: For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
4578	Contact Kate Loboda, Anti-Social Behaviour Officer in Trafford Councils Community Services to discuss this and make arrangements.
4579	Contact Louise Newell on 01491 652 120.
4580	Contact Mike for a FREE Initial meeting and details of our annual FIXED FEE service.
4581	Contact Mike to ask any questions and to book your first session.
4582	Contact our Interiors Team to arrange an appointment in our Cotswold showroom, showcasing our most popular ranges of office furniture.
4583	Contacts: Anyone in London team.
4584	Contact the farm on 07800 884571 with any information.
4585	Contact the Welcome In for information on how to become involved.
4586	Contact us for a competitive quote on 01322 286868 or email at –
4587	Contact us for a no obligation quote.
4588	Contact Us - LothianSearch the SAA site’s pages.
4589	Contact us now for a competitive comparison quotation and immediate service.
4590	Contact your local council to know your local welfare assistance scheme, if you happen to be resident of England.
4591	Contact your local leisure centre or swimming pool for information about local sports clubs/keep fit activities.
4592	Contains lesson, exercises, and questions specifically geared towards “Indian boys and girls” (p. 3).
4593	Contemporary three bedroom property located in the town centre.
4594	Content Marketing has become one the fastest growing marketing strategies in recent times and can be defined as providing information of value to potential customers.
4595	Content marketing has evolved by leaps and bounds over the course of the last few years, and 2016 was no different.
4596	Content needs to be informative and newsworthy.
4597	Continual insight on the health of your strategic assets.
4598	Continue along the arete - mostly of small boulders - until it widens and a steeper section is reached.
4599	Continue along the main path, now narrower but always clear on the ground.
4600	Continue along the shoreline for a short distance, then take a path on the left which runs along the edge of a wood, close to the shore.
4601	Continue down the lane (300 yards) until you reach River View Touring Park on the left.
4602	Continued participation is possible - Macedonia, Turkey, Norway and Liechtenstein participate from outside the EU.
4603	Continued technical and commercial innovation is critical if we want to meet the major energy challenges facing the UK.
4604	Continue forward and straight across the first roundabout, at the second roundabout turn left on to the A133 (signposted Clacton).
4605	Continue into a cutting.
4606	Continue left on the stone track and follow it round the edge of the field, bearing right and passing the Castle Howard holiday park on your left before returning to the white gate where you began and left back into Coneysthorpe village.
4607	Continue on the Pennine Way as it descends to Carleton Lane.
4608	Continue onto the A3022 sign posted for Brixham / Dartmouth.
4609	Continue to proactively encourage and manage good behaviours through the i-for-safety campaign.
4610	Continue to the city of Gyumri.
4611	Continue until you hear directly from me.”
4612	Continuing into their extended location on the plateau in Ranelagh Gardens, the popular Artisans aim to revitalise traditional materials and methods with new design approaches.
4613	Continuing its successful sweep of awards this year, Ageas also won the International Travel & Health Insurance Journal (ITIJ) Award for Assistance Company of the Year.
4614	Continuing the tradition of blistering black American comedians like Richard Pryor and Eddie Murphy, Glover yields big – and occasionally shocking – laughs.
4615	Continuous improvements The Engineer will ideally have experience of working within a FMCG environment or be able to demonstrate experience of working within similar environments i.e. Food, packaging, plastics.
4616	Continuous professional development is at the heart of what we do.
4617	Contract Award Community Cloud Equipment.
4618	Contractors at the end of their contract may be due further payments by their umbrella, and may also qualify for benefits, says Parasol’s Derek Kelly.
4619	Contractors Costain, who are building the final link of the Peripheral Distributor Road through Port Talbot, are forging ahead with the £107 million project.
4620	Contractors were expected to begin work in 2015 but planning approval was required for surrounding roads following concerns from Worcestershire Highways.
4621	Contract works insurance can cover the cost of repairing or redoing work on a construction site if it’s damaged or destroyed while it’s in progress.
4622	Contributing to and xxx research.
4623	Contributing to the development of the team business plan and take ownership for the delivery of assigned activities.
4624	Contributions will normally need to be paid or provided before reaching a particular stage in the development.
4625	Contributors should refer to the 'Notes for contributors' printed on the inside back cover.
4626	Control and associate have the meanings set out in paragraph 1, Part 1, Schedule 2 of the 1990 Act.
4627	Controlled drugs were not always checked appropriately and patients’ own medicines were not reconciled in line with trust policy within the emergency department.
4628	Control of Asbestos Regulations 2006 OUR MISSION is to provide a professional independent advice and assistance to building contractors, social housing landlords, commercial and private clients on building industry related issues.
4629	Conveniently located just 1 mile from Taunton train station and within easy reach of the M5.
4630	• Convergence to AWS – better security, better capacity management, better economics, better P&L and better toolset – we can deliver more, more reliably and with greater confidence.
4631	Conversation inevitably moved onto the role of film festivals in a digital age.
4632	Conversely, teachers who were less successful in teaching outside generally held traditional learning beliefs and simply valued the outdoors for the novelty and potential for fun.
4633	Cook for 40 minutes, reduce the heat to 170C/325F/gas mark 3 and cook for 3 hours 40 minutes.
4634	Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies.
4635	Cookies are small text files that are held on your computer.
4636	Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit.
4637	Cookies (both on and off the Platform) which may include information from the Ad Partners we use to help deliver relevant ads to you.
4638	Cookies give us important generic information regarding the behaviour of our users within our site - what areas they enjoy visiting - what services they frequently use etc.
4639	Cookies used on this website are set by iChild.
4640	Cookies use information about your browsing in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your booking interests.
4641	Cooking courses are also available, with both basic skills classes and advanced Thai cooking courses with a twist.
4642	Cook over a medium heat for two-to-three minutes, or until bubbles burst and stay open on the surface.
4643	Cook some extra and keep in the fridge.
4644	Cook the meat over a high heat for about 5 mins.
4645	Cooling towers serving air conditioning systems are usually the largest water user in a building.
4646	Coombs have the ability to support us as a subcontractor while still satisfying their clients' needs, they understand the team concept and because of this, we have achieved great success when working together.
4647	Co-op’s been leading on plastic recycling and reduction for a while now.
4648	Co-ordinate and ensure the provision of information and clear communications to appropriate stakeholders including UK HR teams, Factory Manager(s) and European QSHE representatives.
4649	Copies will be placed in the Libraries of both Houses.
4650	Coproca Wet Mill in Rwanda has 800 small producers contributing coffee and is managed by Oreste Habinshuti.
4651	Cops did threaten on a few more occasions but nothing too clear cut until the last few minutes when Bunny Warren pulled off a great saved to deny Godbold of a winner.
4652	Copy certificates will be posted after 7 working days, unless there is difficulty in tracing the certificate in which case we will contact you.
4653	Copying a policy is a quick way to create new policy that is slightly different from one of your existing policies.
4654	Copyright in the design and architecture of the Website is owned by Havas Media Limited.
4655	Copywriter and social media wizz docklands £25k our client, a world renowned and media company based in the docklands, are looking for a creative copywriter who is a social media wizz,.
4656	Copywriting skills - developing an engaging style of writing, that suits the marketing channel and speaks the language of your audience.
4657	Corbeau Noir Dark Blend 2015 An intriguing dark and rich blend of: 40% Malbec; 35% Bonarda and 25% Ancellotta.
4658	Core by Premier Software in itself is what works well for us - to identify any individual portion of Core as better than the rest is a difficult task.
4659	Core member of the College Research Ethics committee (REC).
4660	Core provides a complete overview of your business at the touch of a button, helping to maximise profitability, manage day-to-day operations and highlight areas of growth.
4661	Corinna's motivation in pursuing research closely aligns with her interests in real-world impact.
4662	Corner wash hand basin, low level w/c radiator.
4663	Cornish Traditional Cottages in Wadebridge Cornwall - Self-catering holiday cottages in beautiful locations all over CornwallA great range of holiday properties – traditional and otherwise – all over the county of Cornwall.
4664	Corporate parents who had sponsored the participants were thanked for their support.
4665	Corporate rates and allowances are set for financial years running to 31 March.
4666	Corporate Solutions - Zurich’s new Trust solutionThis website is for the use of Financial Advisers and Employers.
4667	Corporation tax is payable 9 months and 1 day after the year end if the company is deemed ‘small’ otherwise the tax is payable in 4 quarterly instalments starting 6 months after the year starts.
4668	Corpus has a variety of seminar and meeting rooms on the main College site, with seating available for between 12 to 80 people.
4669	Correctly completed LLC1 and Con29 forms.
4670	Cosmos atrosanguineus; beautiful, maroon flowers give off a chocolate/ vanilla scent - a big hit with the kids!
4671	Cost effectiveness and population impact of statins for primary prevention in adults aged 75 or older in the United States.
4672	Costello will be looking to continue the momentum created after last month’s Championship home win over Cornish Pirates, a task that has been made more challenging by having had last weekend’s trip to Richmond snowed off.
4673	Cost of hardware is not included in recurrent charge.
4674	Cotton is very prone to creasing so it is often necessary to iron it.
4675	Coughlin named in Lions squad for Australia tripTom Moores: Falcons T20 Win Was 'Massive'
4676	Could anyone with a school based out of school club advise me on how much EYFS (if any) planning you do.
4677	Could everyone jetting off to the booze paradise of Magaluf be ignoring the jewel in Britain's crown?
4678	Could he possibly wind me up anymore?
4679	Could it go the other way and negatively affect Google’s revenue elsewhere?
4680	Could Mixing Alcohol with Energy Drinks Cause Changes in the Brain?
4681	Could not do enough to help us and even dropped us at the door of the airport.
4682	Couldn't recommend these ladies enough!
4683	Could the record please record that indeed the leader of Nottingham City Council does not run NUHT, but he is responsible for social care in the city?
4684	Could this be responsible for the sudden demise of a potted Acer?
4685	Could this be the return of high-rise, revealing bottoms?
4686	Could Wayne Rooney be about to leave Everton FC?
4687	Could we soon be driving Dysons instead of Dacias?
4688	Could you be eligible for a Cold Weather Payment?
4689	Could you be their next Recruitment Consultant?
4690	Could you drop just one of those and substitute a workout instead?
4691	Could you save by switching to Green Star Energy?
4692	Could you write an article or become a guest blogger?
4693	COUNCIL chiefs are planning a £1.54m cash injection to turn around the fortunes of Haydon Bridge High School.
4694	Councillor Abul K. Chowdhury represents St Mark's Ward.
4695	Councillor Brian Grocock, Chair of the Fire Authority, said: “We are very proud at Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service to be honoured in this way and would like to thank East Midlands Trains for this recognition.
4696	Councillor Caroline Clapper, the Portfolio Holder for Leisure, Health and Culture, said: “Children love being able to explore the outdoors and the Easter egg hunts will give them the chance to enjoy some of the borough’s finest parks.
4697	Councillor details - Councillor David Elms We use Cookies to improve your experience.
4698	Councillor Diane Rowberry left at this juncture.
4699	Councillor Dudley introduced his motion.
4700	Councillor Helen Fisher, the council's cabinet support member for highways and transport, said: "These works are essential to ensure the entire infrastructure is in place to serve the new school, businesses and future residents.
4701	Councillor Hugh Jones, Chair of the Advisory Committee, said: “We appreciate why people would want to go on walks in our scenic countryside in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
4702	Councillor John Cotton, Leader of South Oxfordshire District Council, said: “I can confirm that we have now agreed to seek a judicial review in relation to Thames Farm.
4703	Councillor Jones questioned Officers whether having the two entrances would be sufficient instead of the three that were on the shown on the example layout.
4704	Councillor Michael Young, Trafford’s lead councillor for community wellbeing, said: “Over 300 people in Trafford die every year as a direct result of smoking and many more than that suffer poor health because of smoking.
4705	Councillor Mills was substituting at the meeting.
4706	Councillor Morris was of the view that of crime could be used to help make provision to encourage young people.
4707	Councillor Peter Rankin, Leader of Preston City Council, said: “This is a vital step forward for Preston.
4708	Councillor Redman by the Wee Isle Dairy van.
4709	Councillors and health officials were this morning locked in behind closed doors discussions in an effort to wrestle with funding shortages.
4710	Councillor Saunders declared an interest in item 4 as he was Chairman of Cookham Parish Council Planning Committee and would leave the room after his representation.
4711	Councillor Shaw also spoke about the complaints process and the decrease in complaints our BTS service have been receiving.
4712	Councillor Steve Hogben, member of the Ansa board said, “I enjoyed meeting the junior recycling officers and was very impressed with the work they have done in their school to educate their fellow pupils about recycling.
4713	Councillors will consider a comprehensive policy paper on café, restaurant and bars’ outdoor tables and chairs.
4714	Councillor Webbe, moved an amendment to the motion.
4715	Councillor Wilkinson declared in relation to item 6 that she is a landlord of a HMO licence property.
4716	Councils have absorbed job losses as much as they can to protect frontline services – that position may no longer be tenable.”
4717	Council Tax is a priority debt.
4718	Council Tax Support - consultation report 2018/19 (
4719	Coun Gary Coleman is made the new mayor of Blackpool.
4720	Counselling and Psychotherapy in Surrey with Maxim Dobres Live your life better.
4721	Counselling for dementia can help you manage the condition.
4722	Counselling insurance can protect you against compensation claims made against you by a client or a member of the public.
4723	Counselors organize complimentary games and educational activities for kids ages 5 through 12. Those voyages are your best bet if you want to sail Oceania with your children in tow.
4724	Countdown’s Rachel Riley has been helping people work out their monthly car budget.
4725	Counter Terrorism - Hertsmere Borough Council Browser does not support script.
4726	Counter-terrorist financing: Interim research results.
4727	Count on our cleaners to deliver unmatched results!
4728	Country baskets have been doing this for years but now they have finally admitted that they serve the general public, they have been killing the florist trade for years.
4729	Country pursuits (fishing, shooting, walking, birdwatching)– and a Superb spa.
4730	Country Specific Power Cord is needed.
4731	Countrywide’s chief executive, Alison Platt, has been named as one of.
4732	County achieved that goal and Greenock did fail to win the match but the local side must see their batting performance as a very positive achievement.
4733	Couples putting off because of the potential costs need not worry, as they can themselves without the expense of solicitor or at a fixed price with Lawpack.
4734	Couple that with the trend for unpaid internships and the surprisingly low average pay, and it's easy to see how a journalistic career is being pulled out of reach of the ordinary working class.
4735	Courier Services in Rufford - Express Van Logistics Ltd.This website may use cookies.
4736	Couriers will not accept a bike if it is not in its original packaging.
4737	Course fee £5.10 for adults, no charge for children.
4738	Courses are now online and open for booking.
4739	Courses are usually held every school holiday.
4740	Courses are weekend-long or can last the entire week, so food and accommodation are on offer in the attached Cumbrian farmhouse.
4741	Courses take two years full time or three years part time.
4742	Covenants to maintain.
4743	Coventry boss Mark Robins is the latest rival manager to brand Danny Cowley’s side as long ball merchants, saying: “It’s like playing against the old Wimbledon”.
4744	Coventry & Warwickshire Chamber of Commerce Job Description Post: Events & Digital Executive.
4745	Covering all elements of the gardena nd landscape.
4746	Covering: Basic skills for data manipulation in R. How to prepare your data effectively.
4747	Cover strip type joints, requiring a flanged plastic or metal fitment, are less problematical.
4748	Cover the bowl with a plastic wrap, and marinate in a fridge for at least an hour.
4749	Cover to protect your hotel or guesthouse business money on the premises in and out of business hours, in safes or at the homes of directors or employees.
4750	Cowboy locksmiths may not only cause cosmetic damage to your car, they may also damage your lock or ignition while trying to remove the key.
4751	CPF offers placements to counsellor and student counsellors.
4752	CPFT school nurses deliver the Healthy Child Programme in schools for children aged between five and 19 years old.
4753	CQRS is commissioned by NHS England to help practices track, monitor and declare Achievement for Quality and Outcomes Framework (QOF), Direct Enhanced Services (DES) and Vaccination and Immunisation (V&I) programmes.
4754	Crack the eggs into a jug and add the crème fraiche.
4755	Crafted in cotton rich fabric, this piece offers elasticated trims and is finished off with a striking logo print.
4756	Crafting uses a lot of materials, but a lot of materials often go unused.
4757	Craig is the owner of Abussi Ltd, a West Midlands based IT Managed Service Provider.
4758	Create a cohesive look in a living room with beautiful wallpaper by replacing outdated cushions and lampshades with stylish new on-trend accessories in the same hue.
4759	Create a culture of accountability.
4760	Create a unique outdoor room.
4761	Create customized cards and badges with automatic two-sided printing.
4762	Creating a positive relationship can encourage good tenants to stay at your property, and keep treating it well.
4763	Creating at least a superficially improved looking home will greatly increase the chances of selling your home, as well as upping the potential asking price.
4764	Creating pockets of permanent tall vegetation and tussocky grassland across the farm.
4765	Creation Theatre Company will once again be performing a new Christmas show at the one hundred year old Spiegel tent at the MINI Plant Oxford between 27th November and 16 January.
4766	Creative Pioneers London is delighted to be the chosen training provider to deliver Channel 4’s exciting apprenticeship programme for 2016 as part of the award winning IPA/Metro ‘Creative Pioneers’.
4767	Credit card feeling neglected?
4768	Credit to brand ambassador for sharing this awesome clip!
4769	Credit will be offered subject to status.
4770	Crewe's Chris Porter says after a rough couple of months, he's looking to finish the season on a high.
4771	Crews used a hose reel and thermal imaging camera to put out the fire.
4772	Cricket betting tips in big bash For you: Cricket betting tips in big bash.
4773	Crimes against the person: homicide, assault and sexual offences.
4774	Criminal damage has decreased when compared with last month and decreased significantly when compared with last year.
4775	“Criminals are relentlessly targeting consumers and businesses and we must all be alert to the threat and do more to protect personal information.
4776	Criminals, in this instance drug dealers, will stoop to the lowest levels in order to further their gains.
4777	Criminals obtain your card details either from a discarded receipt or by copying down your details during a transaction.
4778	Critically analyse the history of human interactions with, and exploitation of, the geological resources and landscapes of Yorkshire and northern England, as well as their changing value and importance through time, from the Stone Age to the present day.
4779	Critics of that view say neither Kim Jong-un, nor his father, ever needed ICBMs to protect themselves.
4780	Croft is a modern twist on the traditional brick effect.
4781	Cromer already had an annual week-long fair by 1285!
4782	Cromer Carnival is run by the Cromer Voluntary Entertainments Organisation and CVEO willl be working with Cromer Town Council to provide yet another great fireworks display on the 1st January 2019.
4783	Cromwell, I think, began even at this stage, to reconsider Anne’s use.
4784	Crook handle walking stick with collar.
4785	Croppy refers to the mysterious man as ‘a strange personage, a Thibetan (sic) doctor,’ who historians identify as Siberian born Pyotr Badmaev, friend of Rasputin.
4786	Croquet is an ideal way to spend a summer's afternoon.
4787	Cross a stile and continue straight ahead on the same path.
4788	CROSS Brenda Joyce of Ely passed away peacefully in Addenbrooke's Hospital on Friday 11th May 2018 aged 82 years.
4789	CrossCountry has won a prestigious rail industry award in recognition of the rail operator's trains being one of the most improved and reliable across the rail network.
4790	Cross over and continue to head east across a field, then down through a wood.
4791	Crossrail has worked with two boroughs (Barking & Dagenham and Redbridge) to design urban realm improvements for Chadwell Heath station and the surrounding area.
4792	Cross the A830 and walk down Clanranald Place to the Post Office.
4793	Cross the nineteenth century deer park pale, a stone-faced ditch built to keep deer in the park.
4794	Cross the road by the Railway public house, turn left and follow the road towards the traffic lights on Chalk Hill.
4795	Cross the station car park and the main road; the pub car park is to your right.
4796	Cross the stream at)2:: to continue heading south-west on the right bank.
4797	Cross this and turn right and follow the path as it goes around the farm buildings now on the right to a stile.
4798	Cross Waverley Bridge and, rather than continuing along Princes Street pavement itself, follow the parallel path through the gardens instead.
4799	Croydon Plus operates as a community bank and offers members competitive interest rates and a range of services as a safe and cost-effective alternative to payday loan companies.
4800	Croydon’s existing contract with Quadron expires in 2018.
4801	Crucially, it is drafted to avoid a ‘coalition of chaos’ whereby Tory Brexiteers joined Remainers to vote down May’s deal in the hope of crashing out of the EU with no deal at all.
4802	Cruise across Cumbria's Coniston Water in a Victorian steam-powered yacht, or relish afternoon tea at Derbyshire's Chatsworth House.
4803	Cruise out of control!
4804	Crystal allows cruisers to make reservations for dinner at the time of their choosing each evening, or they may select a set dining time to enjoy throughout the voyage.
4805	CSE is independent from Flaming June and is not responsible for their website's content.
4806	CSL can provide a fixed price for CNG which links to the price of diesel -
4807	CTSI Chief Executive, Leon Livermore, is a strong supporter of National Consumer Week.
4808	Cucumber, carrot or pepper sticks with a low fat dip are easy to make and fun to eat.
4809	Cufflink one: Hand AND/OR footprint, with name AND/OR special date.
4810	“Cullum is a dangerous individual who is now serving a lengthy sentence for this horrific attack on an innocent woman.
4811	CULLYBACKEY man Steven Davis has been awarded an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list!
4812	Cultivate plants that will attract butterflies, birds and other wildlife to the garden.
4813	Cult songsmith Richard Shindell makes the long trip from his base in Buenos Aries to play at Steve Tilston's Trades Roots night on Wednesday.
4814	Cultural & Leisure Services is in Inveresk Street, 41 Inveresk Street.
4815	Cupcake wedding cakes in any size can be made to match any wedding and theme.
4816	Curated by Charlotte Abrahams in association with the Gloucester Guild of Craftsmen.
4817	Curious Questions: Why do we still use the QWERTY keyboard?
4818	Current arguments on whether the second Millennium ends on the last day of 1999 or 2000 fade into insignificance compared to previous radical changes in the calendar.
4819	Current award notices or letters from Department for Work and Pensions or Tax Office confirming how much you get.
4820	Current chairman Wendy Howe, who has been a volunteer since 1988, is in no doubt of the life-changing benefits that being with horses and riding can bring.
4821	Current Community Pubs Minister Brandon Lewis encouraged people who care about pubs to get on board with CAMRA's campaign.
4822	Currently, every single person who has made National Insurance contributions for at least 30 years throughout their working life is able to receive £115.95 a week.
4823	Currently, few tools exist that aid curators, archaeologists and art historians to study objects under user-defined parameters to study those object surfaces in meaningful ways.
4824	Currently, for example, Sheffield CCG is using Patient Opinion to collect experiences of respiratory care in Sheffield.
4825	Currently have vacant allotment plots on all six sites in the village available to Liss residents only.
4826	Currently SORN but can get it taxed and insured for serious buyers.
4827	Currently the program is not open to AHPs or HCS who are overseas and qualified abroad and have never been registered with the HCPC.
4828	Currently the secret room, as far as we are aware, continues to survive packed full of sand below the concrete cap placed to protect it by the workers at the alloy factory.
4829	Currently used as dressing room with en-suite.
4830	Currently, works notification is not required in the Republic of Ireland.
4831	Current Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs) relating to mobile and wireless broadband frequency bands are listed below.
4832	Current sharing between superconducting film and normal metal.
4833	Current student portal Course handbooks and important information for students on an academic preparation course.
4834	Curtains on a lofted bed add privacy to a space.
4835	Curved Stainless Steel Grab RailsJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
4836	Customer choosing multiple pet tags must select identically shaped tags of their chosen option.
4837	Customer information screens, ticket vending machines and automated ticket gates are located at the point where the new entrance meets the existing station footbridge.
4838	Customers all over the centre of England are using Marshall to add a special spark to their driving experience.
4839	Customers also have the option of Siena Tan or Red leather.
4840	Customers appreciate the positive impact on their profits and the environment,” said Gary Moore, Kenworth general manager and PACCAR vice president.
4841	Customers are being encouraged to sign up to the doorstep password scheme, where they can set up a personal password to be given by any Thames Water employee that visits their property.
4842	Customer satisfaction guaranteed!
4843	Customers can return items themselves but we strongly recommend that all items are insured as no credit will be issued if items are received damaged.
4844	Customers come to us most often when they are looking for the perfect van to help them move home in Taunton.
4845	Customer service weren't interest in fact quite rude.
4846	Customers in Beeston often buy our popular because they’re secure, energy-efficient and attractive.
4847	Customers range from local businesses to schools, GP practices, hospitals, health centres, charities, churches, and private individuals.
4848	Customers switching via the portal will benefit from no legal or valuation fees with the added option of being able to switch up to three months early without incurring an early repayment charge.
4849	Customers who are unable to climb stairs but are not registered disabled or who do not want to sit in pitch side accessible seating areas should look to purchase lower tier seats in rows 4-15.
4850	Customers who buy Your Books through Distributor Channels are subject to such Distributor Channel’s standard terms and conditions concerning customer orders, customer service, and product sales.
4851	Customers will be able to enjoy flexible travel across the city-region, providing unlimited travel within their chosen zones, instead of one-off journeys between specific stops.
4852	Customise a trip itinerary based on your interests.
4853	CUSU officers tend to have a constructive relationship with both that tends to vary much more depending on the individual editor in charge at both papers rather than on those papers' institutional connections with the Students' Union.
4854	Cute table runners in bright patterns will brighten up a plain old table.
4855	Cut from a larger piece and decorated with stencilled floral, geometric and musket patterns, this barkcloth demonstrates the importance of this new commodity.
4856	CUTLAND GWEN In loving memory of a dear Wife, Mum, Gran and Great Gran.
4857	Cutting-edge Marlene style with wide, well-fitting shaped waistband and a concealed zip fastener with interior button on the side.
4858	Cut with a low leg, they feature mesh panelling at the back with lace trims and are designed with an elasticated waist for a great fit.
4859	CVS Ferrari announce the launch of a new 500 Series Reachstacker, the machine will be exhibited at the TOC Exhibition, London in June.
4860	Cwtch Baby Bank provide essential equipment, clothing, toys and toiletries for newborn to 24 months old babies through referrals from social care, health professionals and other relevant support agencies.
4861	Cyber crime is an evolving, capricious creature and must be matched with a flexible and proactive cyber security strategy if a company wants to have the best chance of limiting disruption and securing their assets.
4862	Cybercrime is a risk to all types of law firm, but there are some characteristics that might increase this risk.
4863	Cyber crime is growing quickly in the UK – but in terms of individual homes being subjected to direct hacking, the numbers are still tiny in comparison to physical burglary.
4864	Cyber Essentials is a cyber security standard which certifies that an organisation has measures in place to mitigate the risk from common internet based threats.
4865	Cyber expert, Peter Loomes from Worcester, warns businesses to get to grips with the General Data Protection Regulation before it's too late.
4866	Cycling is one of the best ways of getting to see Conwy's superb coastline and wonderful attractions, whilst also staying healthy and helping the environment.
4867	Cycling tracks and the coastal paths make Sandown an ideal location for families, walkers and cyclists.
4868	Cyprus is a wonderful apartment situated near the village of Bodmin in Cornwall.
4869	D3,D3,D3-D3,D3,M2 in Principal Subjects usually including History.
4870	Daclizumab (its brand name is Zinbryta) was withdrawn from the market on Friday 2 March 2018 after safety concerns.
4871	Dacorum Community Choir’s spring concert celebrates love through a variety of traditional and modern songs under the direction of Rufus Frowde with Judi Kelly as accompanist.
4872	Dad would take them in a ball of coarse string, which was made into a pair of slippers, and sold for extras, and any old clock, alarm or otherwise would be made into a musical box.
4873	DAGMan inserts this command to specify an event log that it watches to maintain the state of the DAG.
4874	Dahua NVR4832-4KS2 32 channel NVR, 8x SATAJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
4875	Daily Acca Tips: League One Play-Off, Spanish Segunda and Eliteserien all featureFour tips from across Europe The Football League play-offs are well underway in England and…
4876	Daily appointments of 30 minutes can be booked at My Career.
4877	Daily excursions to mystery locations!
4878	Daily meals will be provided at Augusta House.
4879	Daily selections for today's racing as well as ante-post selections for the key races.
4880	Dale, Christopher John (Dominic Dale) Professional snooker Player (b.1971) Former Welsh amateur champion, turned professional in 1972.
4881	Dale wanted to change this and ensure there were facilities for everyone.
4882	Dalwhinnie 15 year whisky: This smooth and soft whisky is delightful with a dessert!
4883	Damage Dispute ResolutionIf you wish to discuss or dispute any matters concerning damage to your rental vehicle then please contact the Rental Company using the contact information below: dorota.
4884	Dame Ann will also be combining her research on aircraft noise with her passion for opera, as she discusses the power of the human voice.
4885	Dame Kate Barker, chairwoman of the CPIEC, said the review had taken into account many different perspectives, including those of people, businesses and organisations in the region.
4886	DanceEast CAT is looking for individuals who aspire to a career in dance, who stand out, show drive and determination, are hard-working and creative, and above all are committed and passionate.
4887	Dance pieces can be exciting, varied and dynamic, but they can also be quite challenging.
4888	Dan East is the closest thing you're going to get to Ed Sheeran himself - from the loop pedals, to the perfect vocals, Dan will knock your socks off (at a fraction of the price of seeing the real Ed Sheeran!
4889	Dane Ballard hit the post with a penalty for the visitors but Kyle Gauld settled late nerves by knocking in a third at the death.
4890	Dan Handley (Year 10) - visiting Sintet and witnessing the incredible spirit of the people who live in very difficult circumstances.
4891	Dan Hyde, the current Money Mail editor, said: ‘To reach the golden 50th anniversary and have retained so much of the original Money Mail character over the years is a testament to its huge popularity among the Daily Mail’s 1.5 million readers.
4892	Daniel Lawrence has been a practicing Physiotherapist for 11 years working with a wide variety of patients.
4893	Daniel Ricciardo, Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel on 22 March 2018, ahead of the Formula One Australian Grand Prix.
4894	Daniel Ricciardo lost a Monte Carlo victory in 2016 through circumstances outside of his control -- it looked like something similar would derail his chances on Sunday.
4895	Daniel Sturridge cannot play against his parent club.
4896	“Danny took over at Chelsea as manager too for a brief spell.
4897	Danum is a recruitment agency which helps employers to fill vacancies and jobseekers to find work across various market sectors.
4898	Daresbury Innovation Centre, Keckwick Lane and Daresbury Hall have seen an increase in Anti-Social Behaviour and damage since they became vacant properties.
4899	Dark charcoal or navy suits are always classic and a slim fit is the most moden option for young graduates.
4900	Darren and his team work incredibly hard and look after the customer, a credit to your firm.
4901	Darren Henley, chief executive, Arts Council England, spoke of his fondness for the North East which he had visited in his first week in office.
4902	Darren Lodge posted the record for the day with 4-30 in his Discus(?) with Martyn Johnson having an hour less in his DG600.
4903	Darren started at Howards Motor Group in 2001.
4904	DARRYN Welch bagged a hat-trick to help leaders Droitwich Spa Vets Over-35s ease to a comfortable 6-0 home win against Redditch.
4905	DASG made this statement: “In January, Peter Wyman published his review of debt advice funding in the UK.
4906	Dash cams with GPS provide you with a whole host of useful information.
4907	Database encryption at rest option.
4908	Data Cabling Installation In Windsor - - 1st Aerials Are you struggling with wireless around the house?
4909	Data collected by Northern’s registration page is to enable us to identify whether you are eligible to take part in the study.
4910	Data collected by the census is used to provide statistical outputs which central government uses to plan and allocate local authority services funding, and which local authorities themselves use to identify and meet the needs of their local communities.
4911	Datafinity delivers document management solutions that accelerate your business processes.
4912	Data from Earth Observation (EO) satellites are increasingly used to monitor the environment, understand variability and change, inform evaluations of climate model simulations and forecasts, and manage natural resources.
4913	Data Governance Manager Job In Central LondonThis website uses cookies.
4914	Data important to the delivery of the essential service travels without technical protection over untrusted or openly accessible carriers.
4915	Data on higher education enrolment tell us that students from the lowest income backgrounds are significantly less-represented in higher education in Chile, but this gap has decreased in the last decades.
4916	Data Protection Officers - processors must, in specified circumstances, designate a data protection officer.
4917	Data Protection: The data you submit as part of this enquiry form will be processed in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and used by the University for the purpose of developing our support service.
4918	Data sharing and informed decision-making solutions.
4919	Data Venture- Do you have a tricky figures job, but aren’t certain where to begin?
4920	Data will be released to Student Finance England and, if necessary, Local Education Authorities in relation to financial matters associated with your education, and if necessary to parties involved in the recovery of debts to the University.
4921	Datcom can offer a variety of services to help prevent and prepare for such eventualities.
4922	Dating from the 1900s, this chic country house hotel is a 12-minute walk from Grindleford train station, 2.8 miles from Eyam and 6.9 miles from Chatsworth House.
4923	Dave Scragg using his music talent on the ferry.
4924	David Allison said: “Our survey has painted a very worrying picture for the future of legal aid provision in England and Wales.
4925	David Alston was doing some research into the church gravestones in preparation for the church and kirkyard visit, when he discovered to his amazement that the hero of a famed nineteenth-century rescue at sea lies buried here at the East Church.
4926	David Bell, a retired management and valuation surveyor, joined our Board in October 2017.
4927	David Dobbs writes on science, medicine and culture.
4928	David Durnford, owner and CEO of the Lancaster-based agency, has purchased the business from founding owner John Courtney and his wife – and business partner – Kath Dawson.
4929	David Hockney RA talks to curator Edith Devaney about his Royal Academy exhibition ‘82 Portraits and 1 Still-life’.
4930	David Jonathan Storey of Prudhoe, Northumberland, pleaded guilty to breaching regulations 8(1) and 11(1) of the Control of Asbestos Regulations 2012 and was fined £692 and ordered to pay costs of £844.
4931	David Miles, now Professor of Financial Economics at Imperial College London, says he wants the current three per cent stamp duty surcharge and the imminent start of the phased reduction of landlords’ mortgage interest tax relief to be abandoned.
4932	David Moyes’ men had finally tamed Shrewsbury Town following a hard-fought, third-round replay and, 11 days on, they found themselves facing another high-flying, League One team, who had already dispatched top-flight opposition from the competition.
4933	David Nelson, chairman of the current MMT which runs Paradise Mill, the former School of Art and West Park Museum, wants to see a shared vision between the developers and the trust over the future of the 195-year-old edifice.
4934	David Rigney is a Chartered Accountant and previously a main board director at Nationwide.
4935	David Shanahan’s paintings explore a culture that has lost touch with its myths, its religion, and indeed, the storytelling tradition that once lay at its very core.
4936	Davidsons Mains Post Office is a post office which provides a range of mail services and also sells stationery and other convenience items.
4937	David then took his young team to the finals of the English Cricket Board Finals where they were placed joint third.
4938	David was already in the process of introducing his patients to his colleagues, with whom he has worked at LCIAD for the past several years.
4939	Dawes Sapphire 24″ – Riley's Cycles You cannot add another "Volt Metro White" to your cart.
4940	Dawn works with clients and tenants of Acorn House and Margaret Powell House in Central Milton Keynes to provide excellent conferencing and office solutions.
4941	Dawsonrentals is partnering with Xpress Centres to offer training in body repairs and refinishing.
4942	Day 10: double digits already!
4943	Day 1: Your first day in Corsica!
4944	DAY 270 So Friday is here, the weeks are flying by!
4945	Day 7: Your dentist sees lesions at the very back of your mouth This could be a sign of oral cancer, and therefore extremely important that your dentist regularly checks the soft tissues in your mouth for signs like lesions.
4946	Day nurseries may run from modern purpose built buildings or in converted spaces.
4947	Day tour over the Trossachs past Loch Achray and into Callander.
4948	Day two was about the production of a working model of the system and refining the presentation.
4949	Day two was a similar format with just six fourballs and GB and I adjusted the pairings.
4950	DBAs: strap on your patching boots.
4951	D Bayliss Consulting Ltd has a wide range of clients, based in the local area, the UK and abroad.
4952	D-Book 7 also enhances the current UK DTT broadcast specification which was published as D-Book 6 by the DTG in 2009.
4953	DC6211EW (Industry by ethnic group by age) - Nomis - Official Labour Market StatisticsWe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
4954	DC Claire Burke, who interviewed Sophie, said: "As they went up the mountain Shauna was behind Sophie.
4955	DC Thomson Shop: Granpaw Broon Bronze Bust - Bronze Busts - Home & Kitchen - The Broons & Oor Wullie - Our Brands DC Thomson ShopJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
4956	D degree in 2000, both from the University of Sheffield, UK.
4957	Dead heat rules apply."
4958	Deadline for entries is Friday, April 6 at noon and the winners will be contacted shortly after that.
4959	Deadnettle-family plants can also suffer badly.
4960	DEA is readily absorbed through the skin and can also be toxic to the brain.
4961	Dealing predominantly in the bookkeeping side of things, Brian's true specialities are the computerised elements, where he has written and updates the majority of the course materials.
4962	Dean Close chose to bat first.
4963	"Dear Chris & Becky, now that we have settled into our new home I would like to thank you both for the first class service you gave us.
4964	Dear Friends, It was a pleasure to meet and serve you.
4965	Dear Lifehacker, I know hard drives can fail, but how long do they really last?
4966	Dear PR: Please do not send unsolicited high-res images.
4967	Dear Ruralwatch member, Between 1pm and 2pm on Monday 7th November 2016, Ches.
4968	Dear Sadiq Khan, We are headteachers who represent schools from across London.
4969	Dear Sirs, I have been researching my husband's Great Uncle, who was William Charles Perrett, 7196, of the 1st Battalion, Wiltshire Regiment.
4970	Death features strongly in Mexican crafts.
4971	Deaths will normally be recorded under the married surname for a woman.
4972	Debating International Relations will introduce you to the major principles, concepts, actors, and theories of the international system.
4973	Debbie Small, sales and marketing director at Hyde New Homes, says shared-ownership schemes tend to be oversubscribed and buyers need to be quick off the mark.
4974	Debt finance can be used for anything from funding short-term working capital to acquiring long-term assets.
4975	Deccio di Brancoli, Lucca, Tuscany, Italy This property is for sale in a very attractive area in the hills above Lucca in a tiny medieval village called Deccio di Brancoli.
4976	December 18th, 2017 - Events - Leicester - Whats on - Leicester TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4977	December 2014 saw a new record in company closures in Bromley when compared to any previous December.
4978	December – Island runners took to the streets for the annual 5k Santa Dash around Brodick dressed in festive attire.
4979	December: Oxfam quarantine kits are put together for people living in quarantined areas of Sierra Leone.
4980	December saw the worst proportion of spam to legitimate email that we have ever experienced according to a report by SoftScan.
4981	Decide, and this is the most important part, what you want your customers to do.
4982	Deciding to use an investigation agency is often done during difficult and demanding times, at Adams Investigations we believe your experience should be helpful, confidential and above all reliable.
4983	‘Decisions and journeys’ reflects that 97% of the world’s population does not migrate and asks the audience to consider what it takes to do so.
4984	Declan Vink are back in action!
4985	Deconstructing elements of his belief system, he included the uber-cool sentiment: “verse is a hearse that buries our ignominy.”
4986	Decorate the Christmas TreeA beautiful site from Muse Arts.
4987	Dedicated to performance and driving enjoyment.
4988	Deep brain stimulation isn’t a suitable option for everyone and, like any surgery, there are some risks involved.
4989	Deepika was picked after impressing a review panel with her past experience and the knowledge she could bring to the project in question.
4990	Deep in the Suffolk countryside, a peaceful and very pretty pub with history, heritage and hearty fare.
4991	DeepMind and companies like it are swarming all over the NHS.
4992	Deep tine cultivations such as chisel ploughing cause more fragmentation of the rhizome than ploughing.
4993	Default way to refer to 'Documents' folder?
4994	Defend Europe’s inability to refuel became a real problem and for some time they floated off the coast of Tunisia motionless.
4995	Defined contribution means that your retirement income is your responsibility.
4996	Defines ragwort, thistle, dock and wild oat as noxious weeds and places a legal responsibility on landowners to prevent the spread of these weeds.
4997	Defining gaps, or "lacunae", in immunity to these Plasmodium falciparum antigens in children with severe malaria would improve our understanding of vulnerability to severe malaria and how protective immunity develops.
4998	Definitely an Everton fan, and probably centre-leftish with occasional libertarian leanings.’
4999	Definitely I wasn’t expecting it to be like this.
5000	Definitely justifies the amount of time spent outside drinking Jennings' Cocker Hoop this summer!
5001	Definitely recommended with there top of the range sun beds with all the features available for your own personalised tanning session.
5002	Definitely somewhere to return to.
5003	Definitely the Catholic Church in town - more gothic than Robert Smith and Siouxie Soux' love child!
5004	Definite positives to take from Saturday into our next fixture against Rugby.
5005	Definitive rehabilitation will come later, and will depend on the donor funds pledged at the conference held in early May in Rome to raise money for Mozambique's post-flood reconstruction.
5006	Defintely a 'must' for farm and countryside historians.
5007	Delay : There are currently delays of 10 minutes against expected traffic.9.45 miles from Stockport.
5008	Delay time is not yet known, however data from Highways England suggests that traffic conditions will not resume as normal until 5.30pm.
5009	Delecto Marketing Services offer a full range of services to benefit your company and help you attract new clients.
5010	Delegating the management of your largest investment to the hands of "a letting agent" calls for courage and total trust.
5011	Deliberately fragmented in its production, the audience are constantly challenged throughout.
5012	Deliverables – define what is going to be produced and the key deliverables from the analysis work.
5013	Delivering food to CFM’s (Community Food Members) to all areas of the North East of England, ensuring all aspects of Food Safety are followed as well as completing delivery paperwork.
5014	Deliveroo presents an array of restaurants that take pride in Greek delivery and takeaways.
5015	Deliver person centred and recovery focussed support to enable individuals to achieve positive outcomes.
5016	Delivery effected 12-14 weeks after finalising design & payment.
5017	Delivery times vary between 2-6 weeks for Living and…
5018	Delivery was not so good as the bath turned up without the panel which you need to install to set the height.
5019	Dell believes in its products so every item is covered by a warranty for a specific amount of time.
5020	Deluxe cover for the Flame Tower patio heaterJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
5021	Demand remains high but rental values have slowed and rents across the UK rose just 3% in the 12 months to September according to HomeLet’s September Rental Index.
5022	Dementia can be very difficult to cope with for the patient and it takes a lot of trust for them to feel comfortable talking about the condition.
5023	Dementia does have its benefits.
5024	Democracy cannot be seen to be ignored; it needs to be embraced.
5025	Demonstrable commercial experience of growing revenues, forecasting revenue potential and achieving sales targets.
5026	Demonstrate evidence based problem solving skills – managing problem solving activities, gathering information, assessment, analysis and synthesis, intervention and evaluation, planning, decision making, meeting deadlines, monitoring and reviewing.
5027	Demonstration appearances for periods of 1-4 weeks at Exhibitions, Store Promotions and British Fairs any where in the world are undertaken.
5028	Denise Bickley, who started the campaign calling for Sidmouth to become a plastic-free town, said: “We all felt shocked at just how much we were able to collect within just one hour.
5029	Denis Ford - International Sourcing Leader EMEA, NE/SE Asia & S. Pacific at Cummins said: "We would like to thank once again Cambridge Cleantech for their brilliant support and most specially, we would like to congratulate Epicam."
5030	Denisha has been patient and kind throughout the whole process, she took me on many viewings and was positive and professional throughout.
5031	Denstu Aegis Network boss Jerry Buhlmann has admitted that Accenture and Deloitte "are having an impact" on the ad industry - but not in media planning and buying.
5032	Denying or changing statements he or she made at an earlier stage.
5033	Department for Work and Pensions.
5034	Department of Motivation takes advantage of keeping the most important aspects of their store above the fold.
5035	Departments and institutions are expected to review accidents and incidents at departmental safety committee meetings, in order to identify trends and possible improvements to working practices.
5036	Departments and servicesFaculty and department specific information, and professional services.
5037	Departure to Aphrodisias, an amazing archaeological site with a very interesting museum.
5038	Depending on how you want to use your Showspan tensioned marquee, your account manager will be able to advise you on how to customise your structure.
5039	Depending on the channel you’re using, there might be a wide variety of different points of contact available.
5040	Depending on the proposal this is either placed by the Council (aquaculture development) or by the applicant (other marine developments).
5041	Depending on the region which you plan to explore, the length of time you are staying there, and what you plan to do while you are there, you may require some of the following vaccines, and your Doctor will advise you based on your particular plans.
5042	Depending on the size chosen, the barbecues boast two or three gas burners, topped with heat-radiating Wolf briquettes for even temperature distribution.
5043	Depending on the type of study being undertaken, the tasks related to feasibility assessment will require input and collaboration from a variety of stakeholders.
5044	Depending on when their freehold was purchased, certain freeholders are also required to contribute towards the costs of repair and maintenance of shared communal areas on an estate, for example pathways, play areas and gardens.
5045	Depending on your current mortgage lender and when you’re looking to move, you may have to pay Early Repayment Charges (ERCs).
5046	Depending on your income and savings, and on the charging policy of your council, you may have to pay for some or all of these services yourself.
5047	Depending upon the cause of the change, it could be time to go for relationship counselling, psychosexual therapy, or a medical check-up.
5048	Deposit deductions – What you can and can’t claim.
5049	Deposit genesis or source rock Te-Se composition?
5050	Depression can often be difficult to self-diagnose, although it is possible to do so by analysing any recent changes in the way you think, feel or behave.
5051	Depth: 297 MM Augmented Reality technology that creates a portable heads-up display to help you stay connected while driving with maps, calls, messages, music.
5052	Deputies are appointed without the consent of the person concerned because they lack capacity.
5053	Deputy Head, with Responsibility for Safeguarding, West Sussex Secondary School.
5054	Deputy Leader and Executive Member for Economic Growth and Planning Councillor Michael Young said: “Small Business Saturday is the ideal time for people to show their support for local businesses.
5055	Derby boasts some excellent attractions for all the family, including wonderful open spaces and parks where kids can roam, run and let off steam.
5056	Derby City Council has the right to refuse any application, vary terms and cancel the offer at any time.
5057	Derby, Gold Cup and Grand National-winning jockeys are available to host your raceday experience from start to finish.
5058	Derby’s First Citizen, together with eleven of the city’s business leaders, are set to face a day behind bars in…
5059	Dermalogica's number one focus is the health of skin – and we believe that taking good care of skin is just as important to your daily routine as brushing your teeth!
5060	Describe aspects of the cellular and sub-cellular processes of marine organisms, including cell apoptosis; damage and decay of cell components; oxidative & anaerobic metabolism.
5061	Described by Pevsner as “Rochdale's Temple to Freemasonry”, this fascinating building was created for wealthy Victorian industrialist and Freemason Albert Hudson Royds in 1870-3 by the Architects James Medland and Henry Taylor.
5062	Describes steps to take in particular emergencies.
5063	Describing Sagrada Família, art critic Rainer Zerbst said, "It is probably impossible to find a church building anything like it in the entire history of art”.
5064	DescriptionA ground floor apartment offering spacious accommodation with a large open plan living/dining/kitchen, covered balcony, three double bedrooms, en-suite shower room and a separate bathroom.
5065	Description of free trial Eploy can provide a 30-day trial system (extendable upon request) for prospective clients to test the service before purchase.
5066	Description of free trial We set up a demo version of the the solution to allow users to experience the look and feel and basic functionality.
5067	Description The eight Norwich Street Apartments are found within two converted Victorian townhouses which have been recently renovated with new laminate flooring and furniture for a more modern, clean and homely experience.
5068	Descriptive analysis of precautionary principle in Australia.
5069	Desford Mill is a truly impressive property and offers flexible, spacious living accommodation, the current owners having undertaken a comprehensive refurbishment of the property during their ownership.
5070	“Design and technology are critical gateways to careers across the creative, design, digital and advanced manufacturing sectors.
5071	Design aside, it’s a functional coffee machine with 19 bar pump pressure and an internal container that can take 11 used capsules.
5072	Designated as a County Wildife Site its rich array of wild flowers feeds hungry pollinators throughout the spring and summer.
5073	Designed and built by Thomas Telford and William Jessop, Pontcysyllte means ‘the bridge that connects’ and it certainly is a wonderful feat of engineering and one of the highlights of a drive through Wrexham.
5074	Designed by award-winning designer Simon Pengelly, exclusively for Habitat.
5075	Designed by Japanese architect Toyo Ito, this major new cultural building features a unique column-free space supported by a concrete shell structure.
5076	Designed by William Henry Playfair, this elegant street of large townhouses was orignally home to some of the wealthiest whisky and wine merchants in Scotland.
5077	Designer and manufacturer of softplay adventure play equipment for the leisure industry.
5078	Designers have a lot of expertise, but in the case of Cam Lates, where it was so clear what the series was and how we wanted to represent it, it made sense for us to produce it in-house.
5079	Designer Women is dedicated to bringing you the latest fashions in designer womens clothes straight from the catwalk.
5080	Design ideas for a contemporary dining room in London with white walls and medium hardwood flooring.
5081	Design ideas for a large rustic u-shaped kitchen/diner in Other with a submerged sink, flat-panel cabinets, blue cabinets, stainless steel appliances, porcelain flooring and a breakfast bar.
5082	Designing a molecular sieve catalyst for the aerial oxidation of n-hexane to adipic acid.
5083	Designing URI Sets for Location provides design considerations and guidance for data providers wishing to publish, develop and maintain linked-data Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) sets for Location data.
5084	Design is by Janet Vaughn.
5085	Design service includes consultation, concept sketching and model presentation through to timber and fabric advice and sourcing.
5086	Desirable early Series 1 3.8 liter; Excellent restoration & fantastic color combination; Matching.
5087	Desk Accessories - Stationery Supplies - The Consortium EducationJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
5088	Desmond Street, Atherton, Manchester M46 Available with no onward chain is this exceptionally well presented semi detached bungalow which has been completely renovated to a very high standard.
5089	Desperate to continue his rituals, which included counting and turning switches on and off, Craig became more and more distressed as the doorbell and his phone continued to ring.
5090	Despite an overall increase in expenditure over the last five years, the report finds that compared to the overall advertising market, charities are spending relatively little on internet advertising as a sector.
5091	Despite a slightly later start than most to the comedy circuit, he had always wanted to be a comedian.
5092	Despite being one of the most densely-populated areas on the British Isles, within easy commuting distance of London, the coastline of has a certain authentic charm.
5093	Despite being sent back to Spain in shackles, Columbus secured a fourth commission from the Spanish monarchy in 1502, but with the stipulation that he not return to Hispaniola.
5094	Despite being synonymous with live music, The SSE Arena Wembley has cemented its status as a sporting venue to rival its neighbouring Stadium.
5095	Despite enjoying the build process, the client would consider the offsite Passivhaus panel system if they built another home in the future as it delivers all of the same benefits of Beattie Passive, faster!
5096	Despite functional concerns, the design concept by Arhitekts Ingurds Lazdiņš was awarded an honourable mention for its modest beauty and anti-icon rationale.
5097	Despite its length, depth, steep sides and numerous inlets, the lower Wye is almost devoid of waterfalls (possibly due to its abundance of limestone).
5098	Despite its seemingly short timeframe, the SDP was a transformative experience for many of us.
5099	Despite its wet reputation, there is plenty of dry land in Moremi, which allows our game drives to cover significant distances while spotting game in the sometimes dense vegetation.
5100	Despite official U.S. findings that those killed were innocent, jurisdictional confusion has dogged the prosecutions, and Rona says there has been “huge uncertainty” over whether the accused will be held accountable.
5101	“Despite often being told to avoid it, chocolate in its rawest form, as cacao beans, is not unhealthy – it’s actually a superfood!” says Frida.
5102	Despite our members having twice rejected offers, ONE sticks obstinately to 4% for Great Eastern drivers and 4.5% - misleadingly run over a 13 month period - for Anglia and West Anglia.
5103	Despite starting slowly, they gradually worked their way into the match and even took the lead but, in the end, failure to take their chances proved costly.
5104	Despite that setback, they were to take the lead in the 67th minute through Dan Fitchett, only for their opponents to turn the game around in the final 10 minutes.
5105	Despite the half time whistle the Glovers momentum wasn't to be halted as Gary Johnson's side doubled their lead six minutes after the restart.
5106	Despite the horror of recent events, these awards show what great shape the arts are in. They prove the power and vibrancy of our country and place the UK at the centre of the arts world.
5107	Despite the installed glass being high performance solar glass, the occupants suffered from excessive glare from the sun and an uncomfortably hot feeling when near the glass.
5108	Despite their own liberal and even left wing views several women acquaintances of mine have Nazi boyfriends.
5109	Despite these challenges, trade unions show remarkable resilience and a capacity for continuity in bargaining for their members and helping to protect some of the most vulnerable in society.
5110	Despite the undeniable success of WooCommerce, when comparing e-commerce solutions, popularity is not always the deciding factor.
5111	Despite thinking I knew best and that a punchy red would be my best accompaniment, the message came back from the kitchen that I was quite wrong and I’d be having a glass of French Viognier instead.
5112	Despite this, his early 1950s works remain largely overlooked, something this new exhibition at the celebrated Tate Liverpool seeks to address.
5113	Despite this, its use is still widespread; in fact demand for it has actually increased recently as it is becoming a status symbol.
5114	Despite this, many publishers are relying on outdated SEO training that does not take into account recent changes or – worse – is actively harming their site's search performance.
5115	Despite this prosperity however it seems the castle was only occupied for a relatively short period.
5116	Despite this, Search Engine Land recommends continuing to optimise for featured snippets, as they can still have a positive impact on your search traffic even if the volumes are reduced by this change.
5117	Despite this some members felt that there needed to be more clinical evidence to support the proposed changes and that greater assurance was needed about better outcomes.
5118	Despite this, Women’s Aid and other organisations like us are still campaigning to ensure that survivors’ voices are heard.
5119	Despite what the song is about, or what it isn’t about, it is a good one and we are loving the new music from The Weeknd.
5120	• “Destroy things that contain your personal details, such as your address or bank details.”
5121	Detachable throat tab is held back with colour matched buttons Knee length.
5122	Detached bungalow for sale - Standing proud on Days Lode Road, March.
5123	Detached cottage, just minutes from Le Mans, surrounded by fields & with shared use of great amenities such as an outdoor pool & a well equipped games room.
5124	Detached family home which offers spacious entrance hall, lounge, dining room, family room, kitchen, utility, cloakroom, conservatory.
5125	Detached house for sale - Handsome Victorian mansion with many original features including fireplaces to many rooms, an original grand staircase and graceful, airy high ceilings.
5126	Detailed DescriptionA newly refurbished two double bedroom ground floor flat situated in West Cheshunt within close proximity to Cheshunt local amenities, Brookfield Shopping Centre and Cheshunt railway station.
5127	Detailed instructions will be posted on the tariff boards in all car parks across the district.
5128	Detailed investigation of the role of common and low-frequency WFS1 variants in type 2 diabetes risk.
5129	Details are on HMRC’s site at, https://www.
5130	Details can be found at www.energy-uk.org.uk/annualconference What to do when things go can be viewed from 00:01 hrs 12 November 2013 at http://youtu.
5131	Details captured during your visit could include, but are not limited to, the pages you visit, how long you spend on each page, how you got to the site (e.g. via a search engine), and what you click on while you’re visiting the site.
5132	Details of our waste contract with Veolia.
5133	Details of the council's current scheme are set out in the council's Constitution and will apply until the scheme is amended or replaced.
5134	Details of the new Tax-Free Childcare scheme which is to be launched in autumn 2015 have been announced.
5135	Details of the number of marked out controlled off-street parking spaces, hourly charges, and disabled spaces can be found on the page.
5136	Details of these organisations, their aims and current progress can be found by navigating the menu here.
5137	Details of the trees protected can be found on the Schedule of Tree Preservation Orders in Lambeth.
5138	Details of where you can seek independent advice are listed at the end of this leaflet.
5139	Details on charges and policies for copying our archives.
5140	Details were released of the salaries that would be paid to members of the proposed Northern Ireland Assembly.
5141	Details will be published in the summer.
5142	Detainees can submit complaint forms confidentially at any time, including to the Home Office and/or the Independent Monitoring Board.
5143	Detective Sergeant Dharm Chatha, of Community Investigation at Scunthorpe Police Station, said; “Despite the age of the victim, he has managed to provide us with some really good details regarding the van and the people involved.
5144	Det Insp John Marriott, who is leading the murder investigation, said that his team “retain an open mind as to the motive”.
5145	Dev comments: ‘In Ethiopia it is estimated that there are only currently about 150 qualified optometrists in the whole population of over 60 million people.
5146	Developers should consider contacting the Council at an early stage for a pre-application discussion where possible.
5147	Develop increasing proficiency in integrating assessment information from a range of sources into a concise psychological formulation that informs decision making and any subsequent action/interventions.
5148	Developing a customer base and solid relationships through growing existing customers and introducing new customers.
5149	Developing management software that improves the lives of children, globally.
5150	Developing new components for an aircraft is difficult, as there are so many stringent regulations surrounding the industry – and with good reason.
5151	Developing Professional Practice and Safeguarding (30 credits) This module enables you to develop and demonstrate competent, critically reflective professional practice when working with children, their families and carers.
5152	Developmental biology is increasingly using mathematical models and yet few of these models are based on quantitative recordings.
5153	Development and implementation of e-referral protocols for all diabetes specialist staff.
5154	Development grants are available of up to £10,000 for development of the stage two applications through the standard route only.
5155	Development is expected to commence in the autumn of 2018.
5156	Development of a Health Literacy Environmental Assessment The purpose of this tender is to develop, pilot and implement a model for carrying out Heath Literacy Environmental Assessments in key settings in Stoke-on-Trent.
5157	Development of a validated clinical risk score at presentation to identify those at high risk of dying would enable patient triage and may help formulate early management strategies.
5158	Development of translational activities, of international consultancy and of spin-out companies, will ensure that Oxford’s research endeavours and expertise continue to shape the world.
5159	Development on the site is due to finish in August 2017.
5160	Development Plan Scheme, published last month, expects the examination process to take until the end of the year, with approval of the plan by Scottish Ministers in early 2014.
5161	Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed.
5162	Develop your communication and person-centred care skills to improve your future employability.
5163	Develop your skills in supporting students by looking at teaching methods, learning strategies and resource design.
5164	Devlyns aim is to help anyone who matches our criteria in their search to obtain a property whether you are looking to buy, rent or sell, then we are here to help you.
5165	Devon Air Ambulance, a charity set-up by an Exeter alumna, is set to mark 25 years of service at celebration event in September.
5166	Devon property sales – Jackson-Stops Exeter can help you to sell your home.
5167	Devoted and much loved father of Jack, Ben and Thomas.
5168	Devoted husband to Janice, much loved Dad to Alice and Laura, cherished son of Barbara and the late Cecil, brother to Richard, also a dear uncle, brother in law, nephew, cousin and good friend to many.
5169	Devour a platter of oysters with Tabasco sauce and enjoy the views over Margate’s beaches whilst you dine.
5170	Dewsbury Rams coach Neil Kelly wants his side to build on the confidence gained from last week’s 22-22 draw away to Halifax when they head to Blackpool for the Summer Bash derby against Batley Bulldogs.
5171	D Held, 'Inequalities', pp49, 57. Held's argument may hold up better in the forthcoming book from which his paper is drawn.
5172	Diabetes occurs when there is a problem with your insulin.
5173	Diagrams with absolute numbers or percentage values are selectively used in the interest of parties, media and businesses.
5174	Dialectical Behaviour Therapy, or DBT for short, provides you with skills to help you deal with strong emotions.
5175	Diamond Ltd can carry off your settees, sinks, chairs, work tops and old kitchens or paper and cardboard boxes with no bother hassle or headache, wherever you are in Bromley Common.
5176	Diamond Ltd (London) can take away your white goods, dog kennels, broken tables, general bulky items or waste or broken tumble dryers safely without mess, wherever you are in Aperfield.
5177	Diamond Ltd (London) is a well-established home and office clearance company located in London.
5178	Diamond Waste Services is a responsibly helping you de-clutter waste disposal company located in London.
5179	Diana Henry search resultsSelect a product type-----
5180	Dianne is currently the Co-Chair of RCEW, and she continues to work clinically as a Gestalt therapist and group counsellor to survivors and victims of sexual violence.
5181	Diaries and journals as we know them now have been with us since at least the 16th century.
5182	Dick combined building up his business with a semi-professional career in speedway, riding for and captaining the Belle Vue Aces in the 1960’s.
5183	Dicky will then announce the winner live on air from Interiors Italia on Friday 1st June, so be sure to listen in.
5184	Dictionary table assigning unique codes to different types (as opposed to styles) of landslide movement.
5185	Did Cartesian philosophy not die centuries ago with the French philosopher?
5186	Didn't have the pace to match Hamilton on what was always going to be a tricky circuit for the longer wheelbase Mercedes.
5187	Didn’t the Fowler brothers swing for a murder down Attercliffe in the nineteen twenties?
5188	Didn’t your father teach how to keep your mind still?
5189	Did Senor Frog and Hooters after we walked the city.
5190	Did software update as per instructions below and this has solved the problem with iPlayer and All4.
5191	Did you already have the products made at that point?
5192	Did you buy this device yourself new direct from EE/Orange or is it 2nd-hand?
5193	Did you experience any difficulties finding suitable staff?
5194	Did you find any possible faults in any of these strategies?
5195	Did you go into work?
5196	Did you know that, as an employer, you have a legal obligation to make sure your gas appliances are safe and maintained?
5197	Did you know that a shocking 95% of emissions linked to the cosmetics industry stem from the supply chain?
5198	Did you know, that the PE and Sport Premium budget has doubled, allowing schools to offer more sustainable physical activity initiatives to their pupils.
5199	Did you know we have just fitted a shop blind?
5200	Did you think the segment was fair?
5201	Died of wounds received in action, aged 36 years’…
5202	Dietary requirements can be accommodated on request e.g. diabetic, coeliac and gluten intolerance.
5203	Diet guru Galia Granger told the Daily Mirror: “I’m so proud of her.
5204	Dieting was by no means a walk in the park for me but I have now completely transformed my diet.
5205	Dietitian Debbie Provan describes the eating problems that can be caused by cancer and its treatment, and gives tips for managing them.
5206	Die when you will, a smock shall be your shroud.
5207	Different animal species have different levels of protection and hence penalties for committing offences vary.
5208	Different hubs can bridge your Insteon gear to or (coming later) an -compatible setup.
5209	Different painkillers work in different ways.
5210	Different people will care…
5211	Different people will have many different needs and spaces to cater for, fortunately there are many different size options available so you can get the right width that fits in with your plans.
5212	Different types of attack will affect your service in different ways.
5213	“Digby Brown are committed to applying the law to protect employees, to hold employers to their responsibilities and improve workplace safety standards.
5214	"Dig Diary – Thursday, July 28, 2016"
5215	Digging deeper, we feel our findings tell a story about the interconnectedness of our lives, demonstrating why considering relationships as a purely private matter is to miss the point entirely.
5216	Digital Advantage trainer Simon Calderbank said: “The app created by West Lancs College, ConnectAvent, is a brilliant concept that we all knew stood a great chance of landing first prize.
5217	Digital capture is a great liberator for the photographer, but this can lead to a scatter gun approach.
5218	Digital downloads may have consigned many vinyl records to the dustbin, but LPs are climbing back up the charts.
5219	Digital innovation has the potential to transform organisations, markets and people’s lives.
5220	Digital Tourism Scotland (DTS) supports top class industry experts to deliver a programme of specialist events and workshops across Scotland.
5221	Digital video recorders such as TiVo bring you a wide array of features wherein you can record movies from cable and watch them whenever you please.
5222	Digitising material has many benefits.
5223	Dignity Action Day was marked with a public meeting on what can be done to improve care for older people.
5224	"Dine and Ride – 5 Star Hotels With Horse Riding Facilities On Site"
5225	Dingley Family and Specialist Early Years Centres is a local charity which supports children with additional needs and their families.
5226	Dining was fabulous as well, Troy was our waiter and did a superior job!
5227	Dinner will be served in our California Bar on Sunday evenings.
5228	Direct drive to propellor shaft.
5229	Directions & Map to Hayling Island Holiday Park, HampshireSkip to main content2017 British Travel Awards Gold Winner!
5230	Directly opposite the Roman arena (with lovely views from the bathtub!) and a pleasant stroll to the shops.
5231	DIRECTOR of rugby Dan Protherough has urged Bromsgrove to keep it simple – and back their own ability – as they aim to step up their promotion challenge.
5232	Director of the performance Grace Wells said: “I have really enjoyed working with the cast and crew for this production.
5233	Direct Payments comprise one way in which an individual can choose to receive their personal budget to meet their assessed needs instead of getting services managed by Social Services.
5234	Direct population of your organisation’s Service Desk tool and knowledge-base in real-time.
5235	Dirty water recovery tank volume – 7 Litres usable.
5236	Disability projects, which can include rehabilitation and training for people who are either physically disabled or learning disabled.
5237	Disabled badge holders can park in any shared-use parking place or Blue Badge holder disabled bay- for free and without a time limit.
5238	Disabled Parking: Arrangements can be made with the school on request.
5239	Disabled parking is available across the street on North Place.
5240	Disabled staff make up 6.9% of our workforce, but account for only 4.2% of the top 5% of earners.
5241	Disappointed by the points that I have already mentioned, but at the end of the day, it's a kettle, it boils water what more do you need?
5242	Discipline was costing the visitors as Hamish Watson was penalised close to the halfway line for using hands in the ruck with the confident Halfpenny adding the three-points.
5243	Discount Code Buyagift: shop now and receive 10% off on your first order!
5244	Discount Floor Heating Ltd has a satisfied group of customers, situated throughout the UK, including conservatory companies, tile companies, electricians, loft converters, garage converters carpenters and the general public.
5245	Discounts will be applied automatically where you have chosen qualifying items.
5246	Discover Herefordshire developers using the links below.
5247	Discover how DNA has helped to unlock information about the city’s diverse past, and what burial rituals and grave goods can tell us about Roman beliefs about death and the afterlife.
5248	Discover Me welcomed residents for a tour in a vintage Routemaster, which took in an array of landmark buildings across east London and Essex.
5249	Discover more about the Royal Burgh of Ayr.
5250	Discover our aims, activities and achievements.
5251	Discover our collection of books and materials specially selected to support those teaching in a Higher Education environment.
5252	Discover stories from Luton’s past in this fun and interactive family theatre show set inside Wardown House Museum.
5253	Discover stunning places and venues in the area, such as St. Stephen’s Church and Bush Hall, as well as new artists and musicians.
5254	Discover Surrey commercial agents using the links below.
5255	Discover the story of Stonehenge: the stones, the landscape, the people and its meaning, through a powerful combination of cutting-edge audio-visual experiences and incredible ancient objects.
5256	Discover why the Princesa Dacil Hotel has been a favourite with British holidaymakers for many years.
5257	Discovery Ltd and Prudential plc. launch PruProtect, offering protection products to the UK market.
5258	Discover your ideal virtual office in minutes.
5259	Discretionary housing payment and council tax discretionary relief application form - SelfThis browser version is not supported.
5260	Discussion at both domestic and international level on the challenges of taxing the digital economy will lead to some response even if only a proposal for further consultation and further business rates reliefs for the small businesses.
5261	Discussions around the new trading relationship should begin as soon as possible to deliver certainty and clarity for businesses on both sides.
5262	Disembarkation was well run, and we were given a time to meet for our coach transfer to the airport.
5263	Disney also makes it into second place with the Magical Kingdom resort in Florida having one in 555 proposals happening here.
5264	Disney is quite an experience.
5265	DISP App 1.5 Additional considerations - FCA Handbook This website uses cookies.
5266	Display It "Your best source for wholesale acrylic boxes and cases.
5267	Display of the modified Conditions on the Portal and/or the Auto Trader Website shall be deemed to be notice to the Advertiser.
5268	“Displays around the school are interesting, varied and help pupils to understand and appreciate a wide range of cultures.
5269	Disposable slings come in all shapes and sizes and can be obtained very quickly from the suppliers.
5270	Disrepair to solid floor - holed, cracked or other disrepair to a solid ground floor.
5271	Distillery and Caithness Glass at the Crieff Visitor Centre.
5272	'Distributed Computing' is one of the most interesting computing phenomena of recent years.
5273	District Commander Craig Carrington also spoke at the meeting and highlighted the challenges that the force is facing.
5274	District councils support people over 18 seeking social housing.
5275	District heating – what’s the solution?
5276	District & Parish Council Tax - Band 'F' Household.
5277	Diverging trends were recorded between the two weaner categories in week ending 9 April.
5278	Divided Nations: Why global governance is failing and what we can do about it?
5279	Dividend tax credits will now be replaced by a tax-free allowance of £5,000 of dividend income for all taxpayers.
5280	DIY Brides for wholesale prices on flowers, check out Riche de Fleurs for amazing discounts on bulk flower orders.
5281	DIY fire pit designs ideas - Do you want to know how to build a DIY outdoor fire pit plans to warm your autumn and make s'mores?
5282	DLR stations are at Westferry, Poplar, Blackwall, East India, All Saints and Langdon Park, with City and Canary Wharf trains.
5283	DMM in a Health subject, will accept sport courses.
5284	DNS Accountants based in The Delves will help your business in maintaining your taxes and submitting your VAT Returns, Self-Assessment, ESA, National Insurance, Pensions and all other accounting formalities that are sought by the Inland Revenue.
5285	DNS Accountants in Alrewas will ensure you do not pay any hefty penalty once you are onboard.
5286	DNS Accountants in Gnosall will ensure you do not pay any hefty penalty once you sign up.
5287	DNS Accountants provides services to general customers as well who are looking to file their self assessment or are looking ways to reduce their taxable income at Platts Heath.
5288	Do all lenders use the same score?
5289	Doctor Hiromi Nakamura and her team have developed an that transfers a very mild electric current to the tongue whilst eating that simulates the flavour of salt.
5290	Doctors could not have predicted how well our brave baby has done.
5291	Doctors, psychologists and training and examination centres who assess new train drivers must be recognised by ORR.
5292	Documents supporting Wolston Parish Council's application to designate the parish as a Neighbourhood Area and adopt a Neighbourhood Plan.
5293	Does an ISA transfer affect my ISA allowance?
5294	Does anyone know if I can use any of the Apple watches *without* a dedicated Iphone, on any network?
5295	Does everything ISDN2e does, but for eight to 30 channels at once - which means you can do up to 30 things at the same time.
5296	Does he agree that this shows the importance of an open and transparent culture in local government right across the country?
5297	Does he still not agree, as we discussed in Committee, that setting a date for the Bill to be implemented may mean.
5298	Does Islamic critical realism provide a useful ‘lens’ for researching contemporary British Muslim leadership and civil engagement?
5299	“Does it mean having things that buzz inside you and a stick-out handle?”
5300	Does it really harmonize with the facts of science?
5301	Does Jade keep her clothes on?
5302	Does massage help dad and baby bond?
5303	Doesn't the debt relief order stay on your file for 6 years?
5304	Does that make more sense?
5305	Does the appliance have a warranty?
5306	Does the Council provide disabled facilities at its public conveniences?
5307	Does the council run school improvement services as a traded service for schools?
5308	Does the lender lend on commonhold?
5309	Does the Minister acknowledge that in a normal workplace, someone could be offered an exclusivity contract and if they turned that contract down, they would not get the job or they would be zeroed out?
5310	Does Verification Report need to include a requirement for ongoing monitoring?
5311	Does zinc deficiency lead to faster decline in Alzheimer's disease?
5312	Dog bins also available.
5313	Do get yourselves along, support the bands, support The Adelphi, and have yourself a mighty fine time to boot.
5314	Dogs love holidays!
5315	Dogs may still run into these even though they have frozen over and we hear such tragic stories each year about dogs, and in many cases their owners too, losing their lives after falling through frozen ice.
5316	DOG WALKING We all live busy lives, and with ever increasing work and family commitments, finding time to exercise your best friend can prove all the more difficult.
5317	Do harlequin ladybirds differ from other ladybirds?
5318	Doherty’s side remain fourth in the league standings following the result, but another bonus-point has seen them narrow the gap between themselves and second-placed Lymm and Hull, in third.
5319	DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa1312542Mutational profile of 151 samples of this group of blood diseases.
5320	Do I have rights if my contract’s terminated because I’m pregnant?
5321	Do I have to give notice before I can withdraw money from a Jumpstart Savers account?
5322	Do I have to have a special driving licence?
5323	Do I have to lose my mind to be a Christian?
5324	Do I have to raise a minimum amount for Wear dots.
5325	Do I need a fast broadband connection to use NGT Lite?
5326	Do I need approval to insert cavity wall insulation (in existing cavity walls)?
5327	Do I need Building Regulations approval for an extension?
5328	Do I need to wear H4H branded clothing for the collection weekend?
5329	Doing all this means you have documentary evidence in the event that you need to make a formal claim against them.
5330	Doing a skydive to raise awareness and money for Epilepsy Research UK with Olivia as my focus became a positive, constructive and valuable thing to do.
5331	Doing various things.
5332	Doing your clothes washing is a normal part of life and so is cleaning your dishes and cutlery!
5333	Do I provide development opportunities for other people through experience and formal training?
5334	Do I understand that it relates just to dealing with the GLA problem and its need to operate through a taxable subsidiary?
5335	Do I wait for him or should I move on?
5336	Doll's mirror: wooden frame with a shaped top; a rusty nail sticks out from each side, so perhaps it was part of a dressing table.
5337	Dolphin Shopping Centre pedals 145 miles in aid of homeless charity, Poole - News - Poole TownTalkDid you know you can add your News for FREE?
5338	Domains are not all on the same account.
5339	Domestic abuse - cover your tracks online - Durham County CouncilWe have recently updated our privacy information.
5340	Domestic Cleaners Urgently Required In The CH42 Area.
5341	“Domestic violence accounts for a significant proportion of all crime reported to the police every year.
5342	Domestic wood and coal burning are now the single largest contributors to our harmful PM emissions comprising almost 40% in 2015.
5343	Dominating the financial headlines this week has been Chancellor Philip Hammond's final Spring Budget.
5344	Donald Maclean, by this stage is head of the American Department, Burgess’s boss, and the first person to be told of all this is Kim Philby as the CIA liaison officer.
5345	Donald Trump threatens not only the national security of our friends in the USA, but our security.
5346	Donald Trump will be visiting Switzerland where he will meet world leaders at the World Economic Forum.
5347	Donated the remaining £1,260 needed to complete the funds to set up two ‘Parent Rooms’ at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford instigated by a Shiplake couple.
5348	Donate to charity shops or charity collection banks.
5349	Donations and memorials fund with the North York Moors National Park.
5350	Donation to cedars nature centre where they were found is required.
5351	Doncaster Road in Pickburn, Doncaster consists predominantly of terraced houses.
5352	Doncaster’s three latter February fixtures (18, 27 and 28 February) will be known collectively as ‘The BetBright February Festival’ which is a very exciting new concept for both BetBright and the Town Moor track.
5353	Donna commented: “Through some challenging times in the past year and a half with my own personal struggles, I for one did not think I would be where I am today.
5354	Donna Green, chief nurse at Hampshire Hospitals, said: It’s great to take time out to say thank you and celebrate the amazing contribution of nurses.
5355	Donny earned themselves promotion back to League One last year, after finishing 3rd and sealing automatic promotion.
5356	DONOHOE, STEPHEN - Treasured memories of my beloved son Stephen, who departed on January 23, 2014, who would have been 32 today, also very much missed by his sister Deborah and both his nephews, Joshua and Jamie and.
5357	Donor carers will be available to you throughout your donation.
5358	Donors will also have other statutory rights to refunds that may also apply.
5359	Do not accept anything in bad condition.
5360	Do not enter a ‘Start Date’ or ‘Issue Number’.
5361	Do not flush bags down the toilet.
5362	Do not give any indication to the charity that they will receive matched funds until you have received a letter from the Foundation confirming that your claim has been eligible.
5363	Do not include HTML, DHTML, Java, scripts or other types of executables on your detail pages.
5364	Do not let them off late at night and inform your neighbours.
5365	Don't be afraid to sparkle a little brighter this season as the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Glitter Ox arrives.
5366	Don’t be late, doors open at 6.30 p.m.
5367	Don’t be taken in by any spin or triumphalism suggesting that this is all good news.
5368	Don't bring up anal sex in Mississippi and avoid eating tuna in Georgia!
5369	Don't buy pre packed small fruit pots.
5370	Don’t change your credit card too often.
5371	Don’t ever over complicate your site by using lots of frames, forms or code types that are unsearchable.
5372	Don’t forget, just because you can’t get out on your bike, even if you only have ten minutes spare, there is still things you can do that will be beneficial to your training.
5373	Don’t forget Salamander Pumps are currently featured in the May / June It’s a Deal!
5374	Don’t forget that you can contact the Friends of Sefton Coast group or email Gordon White, Coast & Countryside Officer for Sefton Council – Email: Gordon.
5375	Don’t forget to check out evening ceilidhs at Blackmore Gardens Marquee and folk dances at Stowford Rise Community Centre, with a Gender Free Calling Dance at 7.30pm tonight.
5376	Don’t forget to keep checking back as over the next few months we will be continually adding more!
5377	Don't forget to listen to the game live and FREE by logging in to afcbTV.
5378	Don’t get too bogged down in elements that won’t necessarily influence those you’re trying to impress.
5379	Don’t groan when the bride says she wants everyone to wear a hat.
5380	Don't have pic cos I don't want everyone knowing my business.
5381	Don’t leave bottles or glass in woodlands.
5382	Don't leave it too long before you call in to enjoy a visit.
5383	Don’t leave it to the last minute, and remember, if the particula… https://t.
5384	Don’t let it pass you by.
5385	Don’t let pride get in the way of asking for help.
5386	Don't miss out on this epic four bedroom student property.
5387	Don’t miss the historic district and arcades of Bolzano where old meets new!
5388	Don't panic if you hear a massive explosion in the Bristol area tonight - it's part of filming for a new episode of the BBC's hit TV drama Casualty.
5389	Don’t settle for less for your home.
5390	Don’t shop on an empty stomach – you will be much more tempted to buy stuff you don’t need.
5391	Don’t simply rely on your builder or installer but get it in writing.
5392	Don’t submit reconsideration requests to Google asking them what you need to fix, it won’t get you anywhere.
5393	Don`t take "pot-shots" at the devil.
5394	Don’t take this risky pit stop on the road to good credit.
5395	Don’t worry about breaking a few hundred dollars in samples.
5396	“Don’t worry about that,” he said.
5397	Don't worry if you can't cover the £1500 as we'd be able to cover the rest in the new finance agreement.
5398	Don't worry if you don't know how to make coffee as we can train you!
5399	Don't worry too much about the medicine - it'll come.
5400	Don’t worry too much though, as the LEDs are extremely dim and don’t cause any kind of eye irritation over long periods.
5401	Don't worry, we won't let the garage do any more work than agreed.
5402	“Don’t you want things to stay the same?” she asked.
5403	Door leading to outside space and off road parking.
5404	Door readers in the stairwells will scan the tickets provided at the barriers, meaning only those who have a parking ticket will be able to access the stairwells.
5405	Doors open at 8pm, the show starts at 8.30.
5406	Doors open from 6pm and the performance starts at 7pm.
5407	Doors to dining room and lounge.
5408	Do Other Factors Impact Payouts?
5409	Do please join us if you can.
5410	Do RingGo provide permit reminders?
5411	Dorling, D. (2010) Are the first cuts the deepest?
5412	Dorling, D. (2014) 'What Have the Romans Ever Done For Us?'
5413	Dormancy was evaluated in seeds buried in field soils.
5414	Dorm beds and private rooms are available at YHA Patterdale, not to mention a comfortable and spacious living and dining area to realx in. The hostel boasts sparkling new showers, renovated social spaces and characteristic wooden bunks.
5415	Dorothy and Pauline are book angels who have been volunteering as a mini library on wheels for almost 20 years now.
5416	DOROTHY BYRNE: (Head of News & Current Affairs, Channel 4 TV) “What a life this man has led.”
5417	Dorset HealthCare :: Thinking of a career in the NHS?
5418	Dorset House School in West Sussex; one of the oldest prep schools in the country, founded in 1784.
5419	Do tell us if you have a disability or special needs.
5420	Do the faster speeds make you more likely to go with the provider?
5421	Do the taxes raise revenues or are the costs absorbed?
5422	Do they accommodate disabilities?
5423	Do this in the garden where the water spray won’t matter.
5424	“Dotland was originally built in the 1950s and the huge light rooms with their high ceilings made it feel so airy and spacious that we could appreciate its potential.
5425	Double-click for full screen view.
5426	Double doors, light point, housing central heating boiler and power socket.
5427	Double glazed bay window to the front elevation, with southerly outlook and distant hillside views.
5428	Double glazed leaded light effect window to rear aspect.
5429	Double glazed windows to the front and rear elevation.
5430	Double glazed window to front aspect, radiator, fitted wardrobes, coving to ceiling.
5431	Double length garage with driveway providing off road parking for an additional three cars.
5432	Double patio doors to front aspect with Juliette balcony, Amtico wood effect flooring, open to kitchen area.
5433	Double room with ample space and a huge kitchen where you can mingle with the rest of the flat mates.
5434	Double spray chrysanthemums and spray carnations are used to create this red and white* football shirt design.
5435	Double the possibilities with the Firefly N. Offering two ways to wear it, this backpack converts to a stylish shoulder bag with a removable strap.
5436	Double track stereo speakers, SD/MMC card reader and USB port.
5437	Doug Field,joint chief executive of East of England Co-op, has been appointed to the New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) board.
5438	Douglas Hart runs a business specialising in dental and surgical loupes, www.dharteyewear.co.uk. He worked with business accelerator Entrepreneurial Spark to grow the business.
5439	Doug Yule, bless him, has no idea how happy he made an ex-gambler yesterday.
5440	Downham village in Lancashire is a film maker's dream.
5441	Download our Student Housing Guide (
5442	Download the application form below for further details.
5443	Download the Shell app for iPhone and Android.
5444	Download via email after payment has been received.
5445	Download your own rainfall diary.
5446	Do you enjoy bridge?
5447	Do you expect to start the World Cup?”
5448	Do you find yourself having to turn up the TV more then you used to?
5449	Do you have a current PCV licence?
5450	Do you have Ayrshire’s Cutest Kid?
5451	Do you know exactly who your audience is?
5452	Do you know the value of your combined pension funds?
5453	Do you lack an objective collaborator in making significant decisions?
5454	Do you need a GDPR Readiness Assessment or more tailored guidance?
5455	Do you need an instant quote on a french blind in Motspur-park?
5456	Do you need a qualified Electrician in Redditch?
5457	Do you need guidance and support to run an event in the Peak District National Park?
5458	Do you need help keeping the kids entertained this summer?
5459	Do you need impartial advice on buying a moisture resistant blind in Surbiton?
5460	Do you need pet insurance for your cat?
5461	Do you need to know about Liverpool's educational centres?
5462	Do you offer discounts for vehicles of Blue Badge Holders?
5463	Do you provide speciality services/parts that are not available at independent garages?
5464	Do you really want to leave this malware-serving page?
5465	Do you recognise any of the faces in this photograph, of Whitfield School pupils in the early 1960s?
5466	Do you ship to my country?
5467	Do you think a vulnerable adult is being harmed or is at risk of being harmed by someone else or is neglecting themself?
5468	Do you think I stand a chance?
5469	Do you think that’s because 83 per cent of criminals get angry when they see a film they don’t like and are reduced to being violent when they have turned the TV off, leaving their biscuits to get cold?
5470	Do you think you will be there for a long time or will you be likely to make a quick move?
5471	Do you understand your recycling obligations?
5472	Do you want a garden or a garage or both?
5473	Do you want to work at the new Gregg's store?
5474	Do you want to work in the eCommerce travel industry, for a business who have an impressive turnover of approx.
5475	Dpt Indre (36), for sale near LA CHATRE P8 house of 300 m² - Land of 15,10 Ha - 2 Ponds FEUILLY LA MOTTE (36): at 3:30 from Paris, this old mill (written on the map of Cassini), completely renovated, will seduce lovers of nature and fishing.
5476	Draft reuglations published in May 2017 reveal how the IP Act's provisions will work in practice.
5477	Draft typescript of book on modern society and the role of modern Christianity.
5478	Drain and rinse the lentils and place them in a large pot with 2 litres of water and the coconut milk.
5479	Dr Alexandra Johnstone based at the Rowett School of Nutrition and Health led this food industry collaboration.
5480	Dramani Production's is all about entertainment.
5481	Drama workshops are raising awareness of leprosy and reducing stigma.
5482	Dr B Dunning is a general practitioner offering diagnosis and treatment for various medical complaints.
5483	Dr Ben Maruthappu, Cera’s co-founder and CEO, said: “Our funding will allow us to transform the accessibility and affordability of homecare for thousands of vulnerable people like never before, all at the touch of a smartphone.
5484	Dr Christos Zipitis, Consultant Paediatrician and Neonatal LeadWe use cookies to ensure this site gives you the best user experience possible.
5485	Dr Claudia Mazzà, a researcher based at the Insigneo Institute for in silico Medicine at the University of Sheffield, said: “The measurements we take of people with MS in a lab may not be an accurate representation of their everyday condition.
5486	Dr Cleary, the medical director, had stated that all records were to be kept electronically on RIO with no paper notes.
5487	Dr D Foster is a general practitioner who provides medical advice on a variety of conditions, diseases and injuries.
5488	Dreams, recurrent dreams or nightmares can give you valuable insight into crucial aspects of your life.
5489	Dressing up is optional.
5490	Dreyer, June Teufel (1976), China’s Forty Millions, Minority Nationalities and National Integration in the People’s Republic of China (Cambridge, Mass., Harvard University Press).
5491	Dr Falkingham's 10 most recent peer reviewed academic publications are listed below.
5492	Dr Finglass' talk came at the end of a tiring, but fascinating day; it was certainly a fitting talk to round off a day of lectures, achieving a perfect combination of humour and intrigue.
5493	Dr Fiona Godlee: "This series offers new ideas and skills so doctors can feel empowered to change the system."
5494	Dr Hubert Ertl, Dr Alis Oancea and Dr David Mills, Higher Education Research Group An informal discussion of staff and students, with input about universities’ “transformation claims”.
5495	Drift also features infrared sensor technology allowing you to activate lighting without the need to touch the mirror.
5496	DRiiVE WTD Index Constantly monitors your drivers’ compliance to the EU Working Time Directive.
5497	Drilling / screwing downwards is so much easier than horizontally.
5498	Drink lots of water to rehydrate your body, brain and skin.
5499	Driven by target, Set by there duty supervisor and there own goals.
5500	Driver licenses also increased by 19.9% to 356,300.
5501	Drivers are on full throttle for most of the lap due to long straights and fast corners.
5502	Drivers beware that one lane is closed on the A1(M) after a car crash this morning.
5503	Drives great and plenty of room for us and the kids, but still small enought to get around easily."
5504	Drive slowly on leaving the ferry and follow the instructions of crew and shore staff.
5505	♦ Drive through Lyme Regis (from Charmouth).
5506	Drive through the narrow arch into the vast courtyard and history leaps out to grab you.
5507	Driveways to the side of the property provides off street parking for several vehicles and leads to the double garage.
5508	Driveway with one parking space.
5509	Driving on, you’ll pass close by to the coastal wildlife reserve of Scandola, where you’ll come across the Balagne Deserte – a deserted region of red rock that’s smothered in greenery.
5510	Drizzle the remaining dressing over the broccoli and serve immediately.
5511	Dr Jorgen Asbjørnsen (played by the original Wallander, Rolf Lassgård) has cracked it — he’s successfully shrunk human beings, including himself, to under five inches tall.
5512	Dr Libby is a wonderful doctor.
5513	Dr Mark Mobius, Templeton Emerging Markets Group, shares thoughts on Brazil ahead of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in August.
5514	Dr Moira Carter, Associate Director of Donor Services, SNBTS says: "We have joined with the Scottish Ambulance Service to highlight the need for new blood donors and promote awareness of your blood group.
5515	Dr M Siddiq is an alternative health practitioner offering acupuncture and various other manipulative therapy techniques.
5516	Drop off is anytime from 5pm on the Friday, and pick up is between 1pm and 2pm on the Sunday.
5517	Dropping slightly to 1280 x 720 and Medium didn’t elicit much benefit, rising slightly to 28.7 fps.
5518	Drop spoonsful of white chocolate on top, and swirl the chocolates together with a skewer to make patterns.
5519	Drowning Prevention Week aims to ensure everyone knows how to have fun and stay safe near water.
5520	Dr. Paola Bisicchia is a fully certified Reiki Master/Teacher and Energy Healer, Transformational Coach and Massage Therapist with a background in Molecular Biology and Genetics as a Researcher at Oxford University.
5521	Dr. Paul Grunlow of PI Berlin will welcome guests and give a short company presentation.
5522	Dr Perez-Reche added that the model could potentially be used to address social issues, or by companies to give their product the edge over rivals.
5523	Dr Peter Clegg is an Associate Professor in Politics and International Relations.
5524	Dr Peteris Zilgalvis, a senior member of St Antony’s College, was the 2013-14 Visiting EU Fellow at the European Studies Centre.
5525	Dr Rob Caudwell, local GP and NHS Southport and Formby Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) chair, said: “Now that we are in 2017 why not think about the year ahead and perhaps set some targets to improve your health?
5526	Dr Rosenow continues “This would lock British homebuyers into relying on fossil fuels to heat their homes well into the future.”
5527	Dr S Abbas is a GP offering diagnosis and treatment of a wide range of diseases and conditions.
5528	Dr Stephen Garvin, Head of Certification for BRE said: "The SBSC web site is an extremely useful source of reliable information and I recommend it to the industry and the public alike.
5529	Drug dealer had been in court just prior - they would have finger prints - did they check - did they hell and I did tell them.
5530	DS makes great claims about the DS 7 Crossback reviving the original DS’s glory days of comfort and refinement, but you should be a little wary.
5531	Ducati Nottingham are pleased to offer this brand new and unregistered Ducati Scrambler desert sled complete with Baja accessory kit.
5532	Duchal dates from the 13th century, when it was held by the de l’Isle, later Lyle family, who built Duchal Castle as a stronghold at the confluence of the Black Water and Green Water rivers.
5533	Due to high call volumes you should always try to pay online in the first instance.
5534	Due to its importance, the Nature Conservancy Council also declared it a Local Nature Reserve in 1970.
5535	Due to its quality of build it is quieter than its peers, and very smooth to operate.
5536	Due to security reasons the online system will lock you out after 30 minutes.
5537	Due to the character of the house certain styles of furniture would not sit well, No Ikea or Habitat thank you very much.
5538	Due to the high frequency and short sector lengths of easyJet’s operations, around 4% of the airline’s total fuel consumed annually is used when the airline’s aircraft are taxiing.
5539	Due to the logistical challenges associated with reaching and examining seamounts, they remain largely unstudied despite being scattered throughout the Earth’s deep oceans.
5540	Due to the perception that premiums were excessively high, the profession voted to move to the open market in the late 1990s to avoid the costs associated with this risk.
5541	Due to the way they work, they stop broadband from working on the line.
5542	Duggan and Stroud, Denmark-street, St. Giles's, goldsmiths-Raworth and Co. London-W.
5543	Duggan still had plenty of work to do, but was the calmest man inside Bayview as he casually lobbed the visiting goalie.
5544	Dumbly, I stared at the box he was holding, wondering if I should open it or give an answer first.
5545	Dummy hands are great for practising after your course with a live model!
5546	Dunbar is a coastal town in East Lothian on the south-east coast of Scotland, approximately 28 miles east of Edinburgh and 28 miles from the English border north of Berwick-upon-Tweed.
5547	“Duncansfield is the third site I’ve managed in Elgin with Springfield.
5548	Dunne said this is helping the game.
5549	Duracell Last up to 10 times longer.
5550	Durbar Square in Kathmandu is opposite the Hanuman Dhoka Palace, the former royal residence on which numerous pagodas have been constructed.
5551	Durham infirm accommodation wards from the north-west, 2001.
5552	During 2008-09, HEFCE conducted a pilot exercise to test and develop bibliometric indicators of research quality for use in the REF.
5553	During a cold, British winter, three women reach crisis point.
5554	During a holiday can be good.
5555	During a meeting, his financial adviser recommended some funds that she said she’d recently invested in herself - both commercial property investments.
5556	During a more recent bout of awfulness, I made a point of writing a note to colleagues that it was OK, more than OK, to get in touch, to ask about things, to show they cared.
5557	During and after my PhD, I held a number of research roles and contributed to research on civil partnership, perceptions of bisexuality, appearance, and charity volunteerism.
5558	During a recent discussion about whether there would ever be another instalment, Gibson teased: "Never say never."
5559	During a solemn, reflective ceremony, led by The Reverend Brian Cork the family and friends of 42 year-old RAF Sergeant Gary Quilliam recently gathered to see his name added to Davyhulme War Memorial.
5560	During CSI 2012, Claire Dalton completed a placement in the Art Department at the Ulster Museum and Sarah Kingston was with the History Deparment there.
5561	During early March 1917 the Fourth Division had been moved northwards to the Arras Sector in preparation for the forthcoming spring offensive.
5562	During Freebern's tenancy several additions were made to the holding.
5563	During half pay periods, your sick pay will be an amount equal to half your normal earnings plus Statutory Sick Pay providing the calculated total does not exceed your normal salary earnings.
5564	During her birthday celebrations, Edna was presented with a bunch of flowers from the Mayor and Mayoress, and enjoyed showing off her telegram from the Queen to friends and family, including her sister Milly and best friend Anne.
5565	During her mayoralty she promoted STEM subjects to young people and finance for the low carbon economy.
5566	During her stay, Amina studied independently, continuing with her PhD research on Muslim teenagers’ religiosity and resilience, which she is undertaking at the University of Erlangen-Nuernberg, Germany.
5567	During his glittering international career he founded numerous high profile restaurants and picked up a selection of prestigious awards.
5568	During his time and that of Pastors Sinclair and Hodges, who each came for brief stays, the need to rehouse the church became very urgent, because notices of the termination of the lease on the Arbroath premises were being received.
5569	During late November and early December I had many tests, snipping bits off the prostate for analyses.
5570	During May, opening hours are from 1pm to 6pm, and in June, July, August, from noon until 7pm (pool members have access an hour earlier).
5571	During my career I have witnessed many changes but the two things I have remained focussed on is: Never forget the customer has a choice and Staff are key to success.
5572	During office hours, please contact your own optometrist or GP for advice on how to get a PEARS appointment.
5573	During pregnancy your blood pressure and urine will be checked at every antenatal appointment.
5574	During summer 2013 Lindsey had a cider named after him.
5575	During that rehearsal, the noise levels exceeded 130 decibels, roughly equivalent to that of a jet engine.
5576	During the 1970s she taught at the all-female Barnard College in Columbia University, New York.
5577	During the 2 day course we will cover a range of essential skills for group leaders including; navigation, planning, equipment, risk assessment & management, emergency procedures, access, weather.
5578	During the 37-year-old’s 100 games as first-team coach at Crystal Palace, they were the 2013 Championship play-off winners and finished 11th, and then 10th the following year, in the Premier League.
5579	During the assessment process, you will need to give evidence to back up your information, so please make sure that you’re prepared for your assessment visit.
5580	During the conveyancing process in connection with her purchase, the complainant’s solicitor instructed the search provider to commission a local authority search.
5581	During the course of my inspection, I found evidence of a systematic approach to training, and examples of good standard in the implementation of Torness’ arrangements.
5582	During the course you will learn about HR and personnel administration in the UK Armed Forces in general and the RAF in particular.
5583	During their investigations, trading standards submitted the fish for DNA testing, which confirmed they were not the species referred to on their labels.
5584	During the last twenty years of the century there seems to have been some attempt at financial reform.
5585	During the last year, 88% of projects and maintenance contracts were conducted by local contractors.
5586	During the months that it took to create the LATE at the Library: Fashion FlashbackFashion History and TheoryCentral Saint Martinsâ€™ thoroughly researched all the fashion related items in our collections.
5587	During the partnership our researchers will benefit from a larger upload limit in the Mendeley Data Repository than is available to the general public.
5588	During the past year, over 50 Volunteers have joined the.
5589	During the rainy season, mosquitos breed in the stagnant water that collects.
5590	During the reporting period it has rationalised IT equipment in Support Services, Gourock.
5591	“During the RMT strike action we expect all services to be busy, especially in the morning and evening peak periods, and advise you to allow extra time to travel.”
5592	During the scenic 90-minute drive from your hotel, your Tour Manager will explain the fascinating story of the manor and its historic gardens, and once there you'll have plenty of time to explore.
5593	During these screenings the volume is slightly reduced, the stair lights in the cinema stay on, house lights are dimmed, a chill out zone is provided, and trained autism facilitators are available to answers questions at the end of the film.
5594	During these years he was involved in the Aberfan and the Flixborough disaster inquiries among other dramatic events.
5595	During the shutdown, maintenance activities are conducted (in accordance with the plant maintenance schedule) and refuelling operations performed.
5596	During the Silurian period, the area where Dudley now stands was covered by coral reefs and tropical seas and the rocks formed there are rich in fossils of the creatures that swam in those waters.
5597	During the three-day trial, jury members heard the Michael Emms Fund was set up in 2007 to pay for the 20-year-old motor neurone disease sufferer to be treated.
5598	During the tour the Battalion took its turn to guard Rudolf Hess in Spandau Prison, to provide the guard on the military train that ran daily between Berlin and Brunswick and to exercise in Schleswig-Holstein and La Courtine, France.
5599	“During the winter, I’d also been part of a project which was looking at plants being grown under LED top lights in the greenhouse.
5600	During this 2-days festival our Cosford site also proved hugely popular and was attended by over with a total of 15,000 visiting during the Easter weekend.
5601	During this phase we may start to do things or say things we wouldn't usually do and say.
5602	During this time he took a Master’s Degree in Advanced Educational Practice and was attracted to King's by its “contemporary, constructive approach to how pupils learn.”
5603	During this time, service X1 will follow its normal route to Heol Pontprennau, but will circle the roundabout before the link road (Dering Road/Heol Glaslyn) before returning to the city centre.
5604	Durkan deliver high quality developments which enhance and transform local communities, and provide lasting benefits for our purchasers.
5605	Duty of candour was understood and discharged appropriately by staff.
5606	D Walker not out.
5607	D. work focused on simulating very simple passive dynamic models of human walking, and I grew to enjoy the application of mechanics and dynamics to biological research.
5608	DW: Tell us about the cover design.
5609	Dying mum says she wants more time as she is 'happier than ever' in heartbreaking interview'I feel happy with the way I’ve lived my life and the way I’ve treated people'
5610	Dyke Bottom in Shepley, Huddersfield consists predominantly of detached houses.
5611	Dylan Thomas' Fernhill is a short distance uphill.
5612	Dynamic continua of writing practices ranging from ‘formal to informal’ and ‘transactional to relational’ are mobilised as employees reflect on their use of email at work and this is aligned with the findings of the linguistic analysis.
5613	E4Dev is a group of interdisciplinary researchers and students who meet once a month to share their common interest in energy as it relates to development issues of poverty, unequal energy access, and transitions to renewables.
5614	Each £5 ticket sold on the night and raffle was generously donated to our hospice, raising an amazing £650!
5615	Each acting class is either 90 minutes or 60 minutes for our four to six year olds: Our lessons help to develop confidence, physical awareness, communication and articulation, as well as being educational and fun.
5616	Each amount in this column has a click-activated popover with a breakdown of the various anticipated fee components.
5617	Each animal page has a convenient Featured Offer section which you can browse before deciding what to use your Pets at Home promo code for.
5618	Each apartment is designed to be generously sized, to encourage long term tenancies in a great location with a range of amenities.”
5619	Each Apartment offers Modern Living with Neutral Decor.
5620	Each area needed to develop its own information to monitor costs and returns on investment as there was no clarity on what the level should be.
5621	Each builder on this page links to its individual profile page with full contact details and reviews.
5622	Each card is for one child only.
5623	Each college has its own particular history, ethos and architecture, but the quality of the teaching is identical, and the colleges are more similar than they are different.
5624	Each day will draw sessions from across the university's science departments, based around a different theme: Health, Technology and Energy & Environment.
5625	Each d-Bodhi product is sold as unfinished.
5626	Each door is hand-crafted on a bespoke basis meaning you can choose any finish, shape and colour your desire.
5627	Each driving adventure lasts an hour, starting with full instructions and a safety briefing on our flat training zone.
5628	Each e-learning session should take around 20 minutes to complete and can be used in any order you choose.
5629	Each element is designed to measure the forces acting along its principal axis, and not to be affected by other forces such as side loads.
5630	Each essay must be your own individual effort (in other words, you must not receive any help) and must be countersigned by your commanding officer.
5631	Each image also has an inspirational quote that will help you find mindfulness while unleashing your creativity.
5632	Each is connected to a specific area of law at work: equal pay law, the legal protection of employment, minimum wage law, and workforce regulation via the Care Act 2014.
5633	Each is individually designed with luxury and comfort in mind.
5634	Each machine recognises you by your unique PIN and adjusts its settings according to your specific workout.
5635	Each Media IFA has a star rating.
5636	Each modern guest room is decorated to reflect your stunning seaside location, including a furnished terrace to sip a nightcap on a typical warm evening.
5637	Each notice on the menu below, sets out the purposes for processing personal information in the case of each service.
5638	Each of our sites has a “biodiversity champion” who makes sure the appropriate method statements are produced and that licences and permits are obtained where environmentally sensitive works are planned.
5639	Each of the 6Cs – care, compassion, competence, communication, courage and commitment – carry equal weight and focus on putting the person being cared for at the heart of the care they’re given.
5640	Each one built just for you.
5641	Each PG programme has a quota, and a recommended ‘over-offer’ ratio.
5642	Each programme harnesses years of entrepreneurial experience and channels it to members in digestible form.
5643	Each record includes a short transcript of the details found in the college register.
5644	Each report was used to extract information on the survey dates, village locations (geo-coded to provide a longitude and latitude), sampling methods, species identification methods and all anopheline species found present during the survey.
5645	Each roadway will have its own speed restrictions so to avoid a speed penalty ensure you are driving at the correcting speed for that particular road.
5646	Each school and college who receives Science Mark has demonstrated a real and ongoing commitment to excellent science education in their school.
5647	Each stage will be shot by one shooter at a time, but no-one moves to the next stage until his or her entire group has shot it.
5648	Each store will have its reduced hour - a period of the day in which they'll scour the shelves for products approaching shelf life and reduce the cost - usually around 5-7pm - and many shoppers will know about it, so prepare to be quick.
5649	Each text message costs 25 pence including VAT.
5650	Each two bedroom McCarthy & Stone Retirement Living apartment at Algar Court offers a fully fitted kitchen, electric under floor heating, 24 hour emergency call system and camera entry facility.
5651	Each uPVC and aluminium product comes with a 10 year guarantee as standard.
5652	Each van is a fully equipped mobile workshop.
5653	Each wall contained its stile, a solid slab of limestone with steps up and down, some of the stiles three or four feet tall.
5654	‘Each Way’ is twice the cost, as you are placing one bet on the horse to win and another bet on the horse to be placed.
5655	Each week there will be a different free physical activity, such as dodgeball, hula hoop games and much more.
5656	Each week we will publish a set of pictures taken by our photographers which appeared in the paper in the 2000s.
5657	Each year we are stunned at the awesome entries to AbilityNet's Tech4Good Accessibility Award.
5658	Earlier devices, such as iPhone 4/4S, Samsung Galaxy S4/S4 Mini, Samsung Galaxy S III all use micro-SIMs.
5659	Earlier today, Sweden’s Riksbank announced its most recent monetary policy decision.
5660	Earlier we had been drinking the fresh-flavoured French white, Les Hauts du Canalet 2013, Colombard Vermentino.
5661	Early bird ticket £4,000 before 11th December 2017.
5662	Early childhood science teacher education.
5663	‘Early detection of type 2 diabetes is a particular priority given the reported rise in the condition.
5664	Early in 2015, the Equality Challenge Unit announced that it was merging the Athena SWAN award with the Gender Equality Charter Mark.
5665	Early nineteenth century brace and set of bits presented by James Watt (1736-1819) to J. & R. Hart of Glasgow on 19 December 1815.
5666	Early prehistoric activity in the area is represented a Neolithic axe found near The Ditches and by cropmark ring-ditches representing Bronze Age round barrows to the south of Rownal, north of Chirbury, and to the north of Whitley.
5667	Early termination fees may apply: £30 per fuel (inc. VAT).
5668	Early this morning our river cruiser glides to a final halt, berthed in Siem Reap at the head of this stunningly beautiful lake.
5669	Early years providers are funded to provide childcare at a rate of £4.85 per hour per eligible two year old and an average of £4.04 for three and four year old funding (dependent upon supplements paid).
5670	Earth's core formed when dense metals sank to the centre.
5671	Earthwork evidence remains of the mine workings, in the form of shafts and spoil heaps on the edge of the quarry buffer zone.
5672	Easilife is a highly reputable business that has been trading for over 20 years, trading as a fully managed operation with a number of blue chip clients across East Anglia.
5673	Easily accessible thanks to its wide door opening, All-New Renault KOLEOS' spacious cabin welcomes you into a world of well-being.
5674	Easily create new projects for accounts by choosing from predefined templates.
5675	Easily toggle between personal and business accounts with one login and quickly move funds between them.
5676	East Dunbartonshire Council will be unable to process your application form if you fail to provide the information required and a Temporary Indoor Sports Entertainment Licence will not be granted.
5677	Eastern European countries are leading the way cutting red tape and supporting new businesses, according to the World Bank report.
5678	Easter Sunday and not a chocolate egg in sight, but I did have a great day outdoors in the West End of Glasgow.
5679	Easter Sunday roast is a meal much-loved by millions across the nation.
5680	East Grinstead in West Sussex has a good choice of period cottages and houses, as well as modern apartments, while the high street is part of a delightful tangle of medieval streets and independent shops.
5681	East Lothian Council will partner with Forth Ports for the exercise this year.
5682	East of the Station Road overbridge at Hetton - 27.7.
5683	East out of Aldermanbury in Cripplegate Ward Within (Boyle, 1799), opposite St. Mary's Church.
5684	Easy 2 Name are a company who make fantastic name tags and labels for your childs belongings; with Stick-on, Sew-on, and Iron-on name labels, Shoe label covers, Transfers, Bag Tags and even personalised gifts.
5685	Easy access can be gained to the M1, at Hemel Hempstead (Junction 8) and A41 bypass, leading directly to the M25 at Kings Langley (Junction 20), thereby facilitating access to the national motorway network and international airports.
5686	Easy access to South West Coast Path.
5687	Easy reach to the beach and ideally located for the metro into the centre and pretty much all of the places we wanted to visit in Barcelona.
5688	Easy to administer by the event organiser.
5689	Easy to dress up or down, the stud detail makes these boots a stand-out wardrobe staple.
5690	Easy to order and very quick delivery.
5691	Easy to use and straight forward.
5692	Easyweb have a range of website packages to match your business plans and ambitions.
5693	Eat, drink and stay safe this Christmas Browser does not support script.
5694	Eating out is one of the great pleasures of any holiday abroad.
5695	Eating problems can take a number of different forms from anorexia and bulimia to overeating and binge eating and can be a mixture of a few at the same time.
5696	EBRI is at the centre of many bioenergy networks throughout the world.
5697	Eccentric Inventions Drawing Competition called all children aged 5-16 to let the imagination run wild in drawing weird and wonderful inventions with a chance to display in the museum and on this web site.
5698	Eclipse Barnet celebrates a successful first yearInnovative new partnership will strengthen our support for people with mental.
5699	Ecologists from the University of York have tested a new method to detect and decrease wildlife poaching, using data to better predict where illegal activities occur in protected areas.
5700	Economic activity is based on Communal Establishment residents (excluding staff or owners or family members or partners of staff or owners) aged 16 or over (899,000).
5701	Economic and societal impact is the demonstrable contribution that excellent social and economic research makes to society and the economy, of benefit to individuals, organisations and nations.
5702	Economic impact on the UK of EU research funding to UK universities You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
5703	Economic modelling by the group suggests the NHS could benefit from considering pharmacogenomics – which describes the variation in pharmacological response due to genetic differences.
5704	Economics plays a part in every aspect of modern life, investigating the choices of consumers and corporations, groups and governments, networks and nations.
5705	Eco's celebrated story combines elements of detective fiction, metaphysical thriller, post-modernist puzzle and historical novel in one of the few twentieth-century books which can be described as genuinely unique.
5706	ECU are pleased to partner with the Leadership Foundation for Higher Education on our joint BME leadership in higher education summit 2017.
5707	ECU runs a number of our core workshops each year which are open to all ECU subscribers.
5708	Eden Court Theatre is 0.5 miles away and Urquhart Castle on the banks of Loch Ness is 20 minutes’ drive away.
5709	Edge of the seat stuff, folks.
5710	Edgware Ex-Servicemen Club - "Write to the Committee"review by Anonymous.
5711	Edinburgh Asphalt and Coated Macadam Laying Contractors listing you would like to add to this page?
5712	Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home's Education Officer, Daniel Tipping, has been busy putting together his top tips for dog and cat owners as we kick into spring.
5713	Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen & Kirkcaldy postcodes led the numbers table, with respectively 4,035; 3,195; 1,575 & 1,166 signatures.
5714	Ed is a delightful old man and will make a fantastic companion.
5715	Edition Capital has been the driving force behind Rewind, and special advisors to Bestival, Camp Bestival, Common People, Field Day, and South West Four.
5716	Editor Andy Parkes has been at it again.
5717	Editor Lionel Barber, who accepted the prize at the event in the London Hilton, called it “a tribute to quality journalism”.
5718	Editor: Midhurst U3A and Sussex Network sites: A brilliant idea with great potential.
5719	Ed Miliband’s party long ago gave up trying to convince the country Labour could govern more efficiently or prudently than the Conservatives.
5720	Educational charities and foundations have benefited most from major donor philanthropists, with over 60 per cent of people on the Sunday Times’ Giving List having donated to such organisations in the last year.
5721	Educational Psychologists aim to improve the life chances of all children and young people.
5722	Education also help to enhance labor market outcomes with the provision of apprenticeships and training programs related to job.
5723	Education and training resources in Birmingham.
5724	Education news from the Dudley NewsWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
5725	Edward Adey - Person - National Portrait GalleryAdmission free.
5726	Edward (Bill) Joynes - Evesham JournalWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
5727	Edward Martinbor of EJM Solutions, an OpManager MSP partner located in Windsor, California said, "The helpdesk integration rocks.
5728	EE has been fined £2.7m by Ofcom for overcharging almost 40,000 of its customers.
5729	EE is a partner of Go ON UK, aiming to make the UK the world's most digitally capable nation.
5730	EE is very easy when you want to start a contract but so bad when you want to leave that make you never want to come back!
5731	EE provides a range of services including services for customers with disabilities.
5732	Effective help from a caring, experienced and well qualified registered practitioner working from comfortable therapy rooms based in Mossley and Audenshaw.
5733	Effectively contribute to cases of information system implementation, using sound principles of analysis and design.
5734	Effectively managing risk, as already mentioned, is part of a project manager's role and helps ensure more successful projects.
5735	Effective measures to prevent S aureus infections are therefore urgently needed.
5736	Effects of alcohol use on liver function and predictors of alcohol use among young HCV-infected injection drug users participating in STRIVE.
5737	Effortlessly shift CRM data into a file format you’re more comfortable with, while keeping everything secure.
5738	Eggs and DairyCheese, milk, yoghurt and eggs deliver proteins but on top of that consist of an elevated amount of money of saturated fat that can be terrible you.
5739	Eg: if a user selects £3.80 will be added onto their mileage claim.
5740	Eight districts in Kent have borough or city status, and have Mayors as their civic heads, except Canterbury, which has a Lord Mayor.
5741	Eight of the University’s academic departments were ranked in the top five for their subject while twelve were in the top ten in terms of impact.
5742	Eight out of ten people are failing to adequately apply sunscreen before going out in the sun, according to a survey carried out by the British Association of Dermatologists to mark ‘Sun Awareness Week’ (May 14-20).
5743	Eighty per cent percent of students in their final year at the University completed the survey.
5744	Einat Wilf is one of the most creative Israeli thinkers on the peace process.
5745	Either be adventurous and just get surprised, or use this as an icebreaker to get into contact with some locals.
5746	Either call us on and a member of the team will call you back.
5747	Elaine Kempson was appointed as independent reviewer.
5748	El Al said its passenger load factor, which measures, capacity utilisation, was 83.8 percent, compared with 83.6 percent last year.
5749	Elbow injury at work also often includes sprains and tears to the ligaments and joint muscles, again due to overuse.
5750	Electrical Systems for Renewable Energy (EG504B) This course begins with basic concepts in electrical engineering such as voltage, current, circuit elements, waveforms, frequency, complex notation and phasor diagrams.
5751	Electricity Policy Research Group Working Papers, No.EPRG0913. Cambridge: University of Cambridge.
5752	Electric oven and hob, microwave, fridge/freezer, washing machine, tumble dryer, TV with Freeview, DVD, CD, WiFi.
5753	Electrics in old buildings will often require updating — look out for old-fashioned fuse boxes, light switches, round pin plugs and fabric-coated flex.
5754	Electronic books mean that you are not just relying on printed copies.
5755	Elegant and soft, 'Light on Water', handwoven silk stole by June Croll.
5756	Elephant & Castle is in Zone 1 and an annual travelcard costs £1,296.
5757	Eleven accolades were awarded specifically to construction students studying at the Eric Wright Learning Foundation.
5758	Eley, picking up a widespread notion in the 1980s and 1990s, is inclined to think that way.
5759	Eliminated competitiors will take the worst score for the round in which they were eliminated, plus 20 faults.
5760	Eliminates Odours - Releases optimised bacteria that clean the urinal and eliminates odours.
5761	Elite athletes might have reason to use them, but for almost everyone else they represent a real risk to both their oral and their general health."
5762	Elizabeth Denham, UK Information Commissioner, ICO, talked about how cyber security and data protection are inextricably linked in her speech at the CBI Cyber Security Conference.
5763	Ella is pictured wearing one of the limited edition HomeSense aprons designed by celebrated British photographer Rankin to support Red Nose Day 2017 and help people living incredibly tough lives across Africa and here in the UK.
5764	Ellis Painting Contractors Ltd is a painting and decorating company which carries out a range of DIY and home improvement services for businesses and houses.
5765	Elsewhere, Golf Clash and WarFriends crank up the online gaming competition on smartphone and tablet.
5766	Elsewhere, Melbourne Cup second Max Dynamite is expected to head to Royal Ascot and the Gold Cup in Honour of The Queen’s 90Birthday despite a third place finish in the Henry II Stakes at Sandown.
5767	Elsewhere, Sheyi Ojo returns to the squad after the Liverpool man missed the last few weeks with a minor injury, while Floyd Ayite could well return to the starting eleven following an impressive season with the South-West Londoner’s.
5768	ELSEWHERE, there has been talk recently of self-driving cars in which the 'motorist' will have little to do beyond reading the paper and watching the scenery go by.
5769	Email 'Looking back with gratitude'
5770	Email Sally Woolhouse on This email address is being protected from spambots.
5771	Email services offered may only be used for lawful purposes.
5772	Email us at or call 0161 778 0384.
5773	Email verification is something that Government Gateway insist you complete before they will assist with any User ID or password issues you are having.
5774	Emblematic of the rich cultural history of the south, with a strong Islamic influence, the Alcazar de Jerez boats ornate, peaceful gardens, and an exceptionally well preserved Arabic bath house.
5775	Embrace the last of the weekend with twenty hot pop hits.
5776	Embracing the festivities and getting involved with the Eid celebrations at work is a positive way of encouraging inclusion.
5777	Emergency response workers will be at key sites checking that Natural Resources Wales coastal defences are in good working order and making sure any outfalls are clear to reduce the risk to people and their homes.
5778	Emery very much looked the part in a dark gray suit, white shirt and red tie: an outfit similar to what Wenger often wore during games.
5779	Emily Boulden from Congresbury, Somerset wanted a second baby, but at over 22st was scared of another tough pregnancy.
5780	Emily Davies meeting rooms on first floor, with only stair access.
5781	Emily is a recent graduate from the UK now working as a freelance writer in Italy.
5782	Emirates Air Line delays - Transport for LondonWe use cookies on the TfL website to make it easy to use.
5783	Emma and her husband Julian were determined to go into business and convinced they had spotted a gap in the market but were turned down by the banks and in 1998 they risked everything to get UKCM off the ground.
5784	Emma and Jason will be back in competition at the beginning of next year.
5785	Emma has been at the Nursery for 18 years.“
5786	Emma Liang, COO of Pagani Great China, said: “As the world-renowned solution provider, incadea has a rich experience in solution development and implementation.
5787	Emma Mahama, 29, who is an NHS worker, had previously been living in a rented apartment for five years when her landlord decided to sell the property.
5788	Emmanuel-Thomas was given 25 minutes to produce a couple of pieces of magic but was unable to do so in difficult conditions.
5789	Emma Shardlow Hudson, 29, breastfeeds daughter Alex and son Ollie, two, in between other meals and sometimes in tandem.
5790	Emotional engagement is the pinnacle of every visitor’s experience and that’s what we’re aiming for.
5791	Emotions were running high at that point of the season and this struck people right in the chest.
5792	Emphasise relationships, not just sex.
5793	Empire Prints are recognised as a specialist in the provision of high quality, hard wearing work clothing.
5794	Employee records for non-academic staff, consisting of the employee name, dates of employment, role(s) and reason(s) for departure (including for example retirement, new employment or dismissal), staff photograph, records of references given.
5795	Employees can also demand that their data is erased simply by removing consent for their data to be held.
5796	Employees of the RA and their family and friends are not eligible for entry.
5797	Employees on Business Healthcare Plans or Corporate Healthcare plans with Vitality Plus don't require a GP referral to be eligible for a half-price health screen.
5798	Employees should be encouraged to settle their concerns informally where possible and many problems can be raised and settled during the course of everyday working.
5799	Employees who lose tribunal claims rarely have to pay costs.
5800	Employees who opted out within three months of joining were treated as having never been a pensionable employee.
5801	Employers are looking for individuals with the ability to work across different cultures, to manage teams and possess problem-solving and critical analysis skills.
5802	Employer's class 1 above £153/week not contracted out - 13.8%?
5803	Employers have a legal duty to provide a safe working environment, yet thousands of people suffer from injuries and illnesses sustained at work each year, often through no fault of their own.
5804	Employers only need to apply for an exemption if they want to pay bespoke rates to their employees.
5805	Employers, particularly some smaller businesses, are interested in the scheme because they argue that it has benefits for them, particularly when there are labour or skills shortages.
5806	Employers place a lot of value on people who have work experience – it can make you stand out from other applicants when searching for jobs.
5807	Employment and support allowance (ESA) was introduced in October 2008 and from that date no new claims to incapacity benefit (IB) have been allowed.
5808	Employment Rights Act 1996 provides that, where appropriate, suitable alternative work should be offered (on the same terms and conditions) before any suspension from work.
5809	“Employ people who can help you to build international connectivity.”
5810	ENAR also worked with a legal team to explore how the work conditions of Muslim women could be improved under gender grounds rather than religious.
5811	Encore is the largest online network of musicians in Europe, with over 25,000 members across the UK and Ireland.
5812	Encourage her to meet new mums for support during the day.
5813	Encouraging individual development and ensure opportunities exists to allow individuals to develop themselves.
5814	Ending the first half of the day with a commanding lead, Steve then held his own on the six laps of the motocross test to earn a 31-second margin of victory in front of a delighted home crowd.
5815	End of the Olympics for handball aces – but not the end of the roadThe Olympic handball journey is over for Rossendale’s Ciaran Williams and Holly Lam-Moores – but both hope it’s now just the start for the sport.
5816	Endorsed on U33: Memo 13 Aug. 1763, £100 was paid by Henry Edmonds to George Green, Warner's executor.
5817	Energetic full-day drama workshops on your choice of A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Tempest or Macbeth.
5818	Energy for Edinburgh's principal function will be to identify and deliver the SEAP projects across the five programmes.
5819	Energy is another example.
5820	Energy Minister today paid tribute to David Amess' long and distinguished record in the campaign to end fuel poverty.
5821	• Energy save mode cuts costs in periods when the generator is not immediately needed.
5822	Enfield Council’s CCTV operators have been keeping the public safe by helping the police to track down and arrest wanted criminals.
5823	Engagement wasn’t instantly visible after each tweet, with Detail Expands the highest form of engagement given the nature of the content.
5824	Engaging with higher education has opened so many doors for me, both with work and my social life.”
5825	Engineers are building a temporary road through Jasmine Park to allow access and screening generators to restrict disturbance.
5826	Engineers have supplemented this feature with a safety cage.
5827	England’s oldest university asked us to develop an urban extension on the edge of Cambridge for thousands of new homes and research units.
5828	England was now restored to quiet, excepting that now and then some sparks of division appeared, which shewed that the old parties were not yet extinct.
5829	English Health Statistics Steering Group has been integral in driving these approaches forward along with the Health & Care Publications Advisory Board was agreed, and will be regularly updated in light of new challenges and developments.
5830	English Law shall be the proper law of the contract.
5831	English vessel and a French transport, both lying in Port St. Louis, Mauritius, on the 7th of September last.
5832	Enhance your relationships with your network through our expertise in R&D tax credits.
5833	Enigma is in South Ward Road, Dundee.
5834	Enjoy a 15% discount in the shop and the online shop.
5835	Enjoy and learn from guest speakers from the world of international law and international politics.
5836	Enjoyed an excellent 3 nights stay there recently.
5837	Enjoy events like the Big Weekend and get paid to be there!
5838	Enjoy fast, near-silent autofocus thanks to a ring-type ultrasonic AF motor.
5839	Enjoy free Christian downloadable music on the Soulkeeper Music website.
5840	Enjoying an appealing position with countryside views, this detached cottage of character features extended accommodation ideal for a family purchaser.
5841	Enjoying the experience.
5842	Enjoy quick and silent boiling from the SK34030HON, which is 75% quieter than other 3kw kettles.
5843	Enjoy the banter of the indoor market and find goodies for your Appleby cottage.
5844	Enjoy the downhill cycle into central London.
5845	Enjoy the light flavour and the benefits of Omega 3 in your daily diet.
5846	Enjoy these incredible colourful creations as the museum is hit by a wave of yarn bombing!
5847	Enjoy the sport of kings from the comfort of your own private box - each with its own balcony and spectacular views across the racecourse.
5848	Enjoy the trail using our Postcard Treasure Trail version - available in our FREE Show Guide!
5849	Enjoy your orientation week, it is a lot of fun!
5850	Enliven your kitchen with Emma Bridgewater's homely designs.
5851	Enniskillen Campus is located two kilometres from Enniskillen, Co Fermanagh, on the A32 Irvinestown to Omagh Road.
5852	Enquire about how they found the event and whether they are considering visiting again.
5853	Enquiries regarding corporate sponsorship and advertising are welcomed.
5854	Enquiry by country, sheriff of Cambridgeshire to have jury of Cambridge here at octave of Hilary.
5855	En route to this dramatic stone arch you’ll pass a strikingly colourful display of heather, rhododendrons and wild orchids.
5856	En-suite, TV, hairdriers, clock radios and beverages in rooms.
5857	En-suite WC 4' 7'' x 4' 7'' (1.40m x 1.40m) This room is fitted with a WC and a pedestal hand wash basin.
5858	Ensure comfort by thinking about extra leg room or sitting near to the toilets.
5859	Ensure that all of the above measures include any private vehicles and drivers used on or in connection with the company's business activities.
5860	Ensure that where registered nurses were required to countersign the work of health care assistants this is consistently carried out.
5861	Ensure that you specify every item you'd prefer when ordering from your Vauxhall dealer.
5862	Ensure thorough checks and controls are in place (these could be computerised and/or manual processes).
5863	Ensure urgent repairs are fixed promptly.
5864	Ensure you always find time to look after your well-being.
5865	Ensure you have people to talk to, whether that be the educational link, your preceptor, your manager.
5866	Ensuring clear, business-driven processes are in place, together with appropriate resourcing, will help to mitigate these risks.
5867	Ensuring your employees have the correct vaccinations for both personal and business travel.
5868	Ensuring your rent is paid no matter what should happen.
5869	Ensuring you’ve done your research means you can have the peace of mind that the job has been carried out to the required standards; following the codes of practice and rules of the schemes that registered electricians in Lowca should adhere to.
5870	Ensuring you’ve done your research means you can have the peace of mind that the job has been carried out to the required standards; following the codes of practice and rules of the schemes that registered electricians in Sawbridgeworth should adhere to.
5871	Ensuring you’ve done your research means you can have the peace of mind that the job has been carried out to the required standards; following the codes of practice and rules of the schemes that registered electricians in Stamford should adhere to.
5872	Enter % and click on the torch icon to select an option from the list (repeat as required wherever you see the torch icon).
5873	Entered via secure communal entry door with steps leading up to the flat on the first floor.
5874	Entering the property through a lobby which houses a cloakroom.
5875	Enter our Facebook competition for a chance to win £1000, an iPad and free Elective insurance.
5876	Enterprise software has been designed to work on all major web-browsers for flexibility and ease of use.
5877	Entertainment is on the doorstep with Upper Street and central Islington close by.
5878	Enter the Skoda, which has extremely light steering in the city.
5879	Enter the word “baking” in the search field at the top of the screen and then tap “Search”.
5880	Enter your postcode or place name to find voluntary, statutory and private services nearest and most relevant to you.
5881	Enter your user password at the prompt.
5882	Entrance to the event and all entertainment is free.
5883	Entrants have ranged from micro-businesses to £50 million AIM-listed companies.
5884	Entries have now opened for the 2012 Deloitte UK Technology Fast 50 awards.
5885	Entries should be handed in at St James Dairy by 2pm on Saturday, with the judging on Sunday at the fair.
5886	Entries will be considered by a panel of leading architects and development professionals from across London, with an awards ceremony at Tottenham Town Hall in October.
5887	Entries will close on 8 December 2017, with finalists announced on 12 February 2018.
5888	Entry closes on 25th March which is followed by the judging process.
5889	Entry doors are either automatically controlled or on 'hold open' mechanisms.
5890	Entry is free and all are welcome to enjoy the beautiful performances of these talented young people.
5891	Entry is free to members, with small additional charges for optional extra special tours.
5892	Enviro are the only company in Scotland to fully reinforce composite doors with mesh as illustrated on this page.
5893	Environmental pollution is a serious problem in developing countries like India.
5894	Environmental Science goes well with the other Earth Sciences, such as Biology and Geology, as well as Chemistry and Physics.
5895	Episodes of croup may last hours or days.
5896	Epping is 15 minutes away.
5897	Epsom won the toss and elected to bat first on what looked like a great wicket.
5898	Equalities charity brap published recently their ‘Making the Cut’ report about the challenges facing Birmingham community groups…
5899	Equalities Monitoring These questions help us to monitor how different groups of people access Recovery College NHFT.
5900	Equality and diversity - Environment Agency - GOV.
5901	“Equality in men’s and women’s economic contributions may hold these couples together.”
5902	Equality Policies are statements of intent detailing a schools understanding and commitment to fair and equitable outcomes for all of the school community.
5903	Equipment is provided, participants just need to wear suitable clothing and organise lunch / refreshments.
5904	Equities and credit have performed well since then with US high yield delivering a 12.5% total return and the S&P 500 and the German DAX equity indices 13.3%.
5905	Equus Equestrian Centre at Roseisle can offer lessons and pony trekking days out (tel: 01343 835036).
5906	Erection of a Hamilton Combination Poorhouse began soon afterwards at a site on the west side of Bothwell Road in Hamilton, near the army barracks.
5907	Ergonomic pre-shaped arms allow a full range of motion without any restrictions, whilst lock down zips stop the zips from flapping around during your run.
5908	Erosion led it being replaced by Cornish grey granite in 1902.
5909	Erythrocytes are measured whilst flowing through the precise microfabricated capillary flow channels, under physiologically equivalent conditions of temperature and pressure.
5910	E-safety is extremely important to our Nurseries, therefore we follow strict guidelines.
5911	Escalators at the eastern end of the proposed island platform could take passengers directly into Moor Street.
5912	Escape the Cancer Research UK Lab - Set in a fictional cancer research lab, you must work together to solve a series of scientific puzzles in order to unlock the 3 clues to escape the lab within the 30 minute time limit.
5913	Escort and massage top 100 websites.
5914	Escritt Barrell Golding is a progressive, independent local company which has operated in Lincolnshire for over 150 years.
5915	Especially in volume 420d diesel form.
5916	Especially nervous patients can also receive sedation.
5917	Especially with military and defence matters, their information comes from somewhere; they may also be given a steer as to interpretation.
5918	Essential guide to British universities that gives you all the information you need to make the crucial decisions on what to study, where to study, and how much it might cost.
5919	Essentially, his credit card company hiked his limit without asking him and then wouldn’t reduce it without doing a salary check.
5920	Essentials 287127NPO 14ct Rose Gold Plated Rose Crystal Presented in official PANDORA packaging Available online now.
5921	Essex County Council works with a range of partners including Essex Wildlife Trust to maintain and manage these verges, ensuring that they are effectively managed and continue to support a wide range of species.
5922	Essex property specialist More Estates recently joined Leaders, one of the UK’s leading estate agents, and will adopt the national firm’s name from March 1st.
5923	Essex Research Facilities website is a useful guide to all our research facilities and the many other services and support that external organisations may want to use or hire.
5924	Established for over 95 years BURG-WÄCHTER are the largest safe manufacturer in Europe offering a global footprint while remaining family owned.
5925	Established in 1968 and winner of 24 Chelsea Gold Medals, Peter Beales specialist rose and plant centre, and display rose gardens are situated close to the A11 at Attleborough.
5926	Established in 1981, its products have been implemented by over 3,000 organisations in over 60 countries, are used across all industry sectors and have been developed to complement all IT strategies.
5927	Established in 1985 and operating throughout Essex, Hertfordshire, and London, we've dedicated our time to ensure that we create the best collections and that you receive the best service.
5928	Established in 2004, G-Man with a Van has 8 years of experience in the Man and Van line of work, and provides courier services to clients throughout the UK.
5929	Established in 2010 the company has over 20 years of experience in the Asbestos Removal and Surveying industry.
5930	Established in 2012, Wolfburn’s modern approach to distilling Single Malt Whisky is an intriguing addition to visit while wandering through nearby town Thurso.
5931	Established labour is when your cervix has dilated to more than 3cm and regular contrcations are opening the cervix.
5932	Esta- cur( of the account to be delivered, but it was necessary for him perty, which we cannot but consider unauthorized and inquisitorial.
5933	Estate agency services for landlordsinvesting in property we'll suggest suitable properties & provide mortgage advice.
5934	Estate Agents can place buildings so that they are lined up side by side and then ‘slide’ along with only a drag of the mouse.
5935	Estates and Facilities Management should ensure that energy efficiency is key to all activities and incorporate the use of renewables.
5936	Estimates have been adjusted to take account of inflation.
5937	ESTV Ltd reserves the right to withdraw any permission without explanation or notice if in its sole judgment use of such links is excessive or inappropriate.
5938	ETC Grass Machinery is a family run business and has been established for over 20 years, we are on…
5939	Etchinghill's New Inn and Elham's Rose and Crown and King's Arms pubs and the Abbot's Fireside Hotel are recommended for lunch and evening meals.
5940	Ethanol is flammable and therefore unsuitable for large quantities to be on public display, and formalin gives off hazardous fumes.
5941	E- The third MLA Locksmith in the ‘Interview With a Locksmith’ series is Roger Barratt, the owner of Gemini Lock and Safe, a Locksmith based in Bedford, Roger is the current chairman of the MLA.
5942	Ethical traceability in the UK wheat-flour-bread chain.
5943	Ethics 2. ‘Conscience is no more than the voice of your upbringing.’
5944	Ethnically Tibetan women in Nepal with low hemoglobin concentration have better reproductive outcomes.
5945	EU campaign had used some of the “clever” tactics once employed by Adolf Hitler.
5946	EU environmental legislation provides the most comprehensive vehicle for wildlife and environmental protection anywhere in the world.
5947	EU nationals are being used by the government as bargaining chips in “Brexit” negotiations, leaving them with an uncertain future.
5948	EU or overseas students will need to obtain their country’s equivalent (such as police verification of good conduct) prior to commencing the MPharm at Robert Gordon University.
5949	Eurasian Blue Tit at Bowling Green Marsh.
5950	Eurocode 5 is the suite of standards specifically relating to timber structures.
5951	Euro membership is still very important for Greeks (the vast majority continue to support membership), which suggests that the new government will not wilfully use a Grexit as a bargaining position.
5952	'Europeanisation' allowed national politicians to subsidise the incomes of the peasants on whose votes some still depended.
5953	European manufacturers herald it as the prototype of rationalised mass production.
5954	European standards You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
5955	Europe's renewable energy generation has grown significantly, and is said to have become a growing profit source for the energy supplier.
5956	Evaluation in March 2002 at Quay Cottage, Sandwich recorded a negative result of absence of the Medieval town wall.
5957	Evaluation of the products takes place to ensure there is no difference in the standard of care for patients as a result of a switch to the most cost effective product and robust opportunities for staff to make any concerns heard are in place.
5958	Evans claims that these men did not have to fear prosecution for the Reichstag fire after the war (and thus had no incentive to lie), and even that the statute of limitations barred prosecutions for crimes from 1933.
5959	“Even administrative staff receives instructions from politicians to stop the conflict resolution process started by some local actors.
5960	Even after just six years, your mattress could offer significantly less support than a new one, due to wear and tear from body weight, movement, sweat, skin, hair and other debris.
5961	Even allowing for all the extensive and expensive alterations, the Palace Hotel – originally called the Hotel Metropole – remains a dominant landmark long after so many of our town’s other grand hotels have disappeared.
5962	Even amongst foster carers, Tom and I are unusual – we have no children of our own and have specifically chosen to foster older children and teens.
5963	Even a slight increase over the speed limit can make a big difference to stopping distances and the impact speed in a collision.
5964	Even as the Chancellor was giving his speech, the WASPI women were out in force outside Parliament, calling for change.
5965	Even a typically conservative history of the Soviet Union describes it as 'The Great Rupture'.
5966	Even before last night’s optimistic economic assessment by the RBA and solid PMI figures out of China, the Aussie was supported by decent data.
5967	Even companies selling services can use their web site as a lead generation tool, and companies selling products can make healthy international sales through a well-designed e-commerce website.
5968	Even email accounts will need to be accessed and respectfully handled by the executor.
5969	Even for well-seasoned experts, the art of choosing which stocks to invest in can be a tricky task, especially given there is no shortage to choose from.
5970	Even if half of the cumulative surplus of production over power generation consumption could be deployed, i.e. around 300,000 tonnes, it would provide for only 4 years of the prospective demand.
5971	Even if it is to jokingly mock your team.
5972	Even if it’s just a leaky tap.
5973	Even if it’s just a minor complaint about paperwork in a living area or having to share a telephone landline, you need to be careful.
5974	“Even if she realised what was going to happen she couldn’t have escaped you in any way.
5975	Even if walking isn’t your thing, you’re bound to love a stroll round the splendid scenery of nearby Chatsworth House – a sprawling stately home set amidst delightful grounds and the ultimate setting for a group picnic on a summer’s day.
5976	Even if you are not able to switch completely, any reduction in the number of disposable nappies you throw away will help.
5977	Even if you just have a small home office, or work on client premises, you'll need to think about health and safety.
5978	Even if you’re self-employed, there are numerous steps your clients can take that will help increase freelancer productivity.
5979	Evening Chic – While also having the option to wear your formal best, Evening Chic nights are relaxed, yet sophisticated, attire.
5980	Evening meal £25 for three courses.
5981	Even lowering the thermostat by 1 or 2 degrees every few hours will make a difference to your heating bill over the long term. You’d be surprised how low you can keep your thermostat and still take the edge off the cold.
5982	Even more striking, the number of people aged over 90 increased by more than 31 per cent from 19,000 in 2001 to 25,000 in 2011.
5983	Even our simple P.A.Y.E. calculator Qtax Pro has this feature as standard.
5984	Even so, there is hardly anything aesthetically pleasing or special to visit in this city.
5985	Event: Give Blood in Wickersley - Bleed for people you care about.
5986	Even the data centres of large multinationals are dwarfed by comparison.
5987	Even the dreaded last morning breakfast.
5988	Even the fear that he might have lost his phone during his gilded journey round the north London course failed to prevent snapper Jacobs from racking up a Stableford total of 45 points and winning the Phil Sheldon Trophy for a second time.
5989	Even the host got involved claiming to have created ‘TV marmite.’
5990	Even the Institute of Directors 2013 report Getting Shale Gas Working (May 2013, sponsored by Cuadrilla, (c), which used a very selective set of figures from 5 top-producing US shale plays, came out with a working figure of just 3.16 bcf.
5991	Even the Lada, perhaps the most visible consumer face of the old Soviet system, has largely disappeared.
5992	Even the most sensible attempts at tax planning can be undone by changes in the law and achieve the exact opposite of the intended objective.
5993	Even though chances at both ends came and went the score line stayed at 4-1 to the visitors.
5994	'Even though China-North Korea tensions are at their highest level in decades, China’s willingness to partially comply with UN sanctions should not be taken as a sign of Beijing’s willingness to abandon its alliance with North Korea.
5995	Even though I am over 2 years into my recovery things can still get thrown back in your face and I have to accept that.
5996	Even though I had been involved in the organisation of the day and had seen the closing video a number of times before, I was choked by the reaction that I saw from people when the video was played.
5997	Even though it’s an online forum, you should always start a conversation with a personal introduction as this establishes your credentials right away and gives a context to any advice you might give, or any stories you might share.
5998	Even though the old Chromecast was a reasonable success, the new model is much more sophisticated and advanced.
5999	Even though we know how busy you all are, everyone always had time for us.
6000	Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information.
6001	Event organisers expect another sell-out with a 100-strong classic car auction - Dealermart’s biggest yet - and more than 2,000 stands brimming with motoring bargains.
6002	Events centre around the showpiece parade that winds through the streets accompanied by steel bands, reggae and salsa music.
6003	Events - The SentinelWho doesn’t love a magical, warming fireworks display in the winter?
6004	Eventually it sold to all parts of the British Isles.
6005	Eventually Martin’s PA took me by the elbow and guided me back towards the pub.
6006	Even Wainwright shows some dissatisfaction and makes frequent comments about the boggy ground.
6007	Even when entrepreneurs do try to give themselves some space and take a break from the business, many end up doing work every day while they are supposed to be relaxing.
6008	Even when fully closed the large expanse of glass affords panoramic views, allowing welcome daylight to enter your home while still providing the modern thermal efficiency, security and low maintenance advantages that PVC-U offers.
6009	Even where a SCP is provided, parents remain responsible for ensuring their children's safety.
6010	Even with a bit of rain this venue offers a fantastic setting and can work with any vision you have in mind.
6011	Even with more train lines we still need decent public transport in cities and towns.
6012	Everet Charles Technologies is an electrical engineering firm which uses electrical components to design a variety of electrical systems and devices.
6013	Ever since Woolworths closed, there is few places which offer a pick 'n' mix selection like the good old days.
6014	Everton leap-frogged Liverpool into second place in the U18 Premier League after victory in the mini mini derby by three goals to one.
6015	Everton’s proposed new stadium at Bramley Moore Dock would provide a £1bn boost to the local economy and has been heralded …
6016	Everybody was really warm and welcoming, so when the opportunity arose in the compliance team, I interviewed and was offered the role!
6017	Every breath hung in front of us as we sang, crystallized in the freezing air.
6018	Every bump and bobble will come through the car’s body and into yours.
6019	Every care is taken to handle each piece with care and sensitivity.
6020	Every Christmas the demand for qualified drivers intensifies as the festive rush ensues.
6021	Every day at Wigmore is different, always new skills to be learnt.
6022	Every day, giant ‘Parent Reels’ – often weighing between 1 – 2 tonnes, arrive at our converting plants from our mill facility, where they are cut to size and packaged before being sent all over the UK.
6023	Every day we are matching candidates to exciting new opportunities.
6024	Every effort will be made to minimise the impact of this work, but it will cause some disruption and is likely to be noisy at times.
6025	Every industry is facing the continuing challenge that is rising energy prices.
6026	Every item sold in the school shop was stated to be cheaper than elsewhere and all profits were to be returned to the School in one form or another.
6027	Every job is different but a straightforward scan and crop is £3.50, a basic scan and restoration is £12.50.
6028	Every marketing e-mail will include an ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom.
6029	Every monthly measurement has a monthly target to aim for.
6030	Everyone can see exactly what the right hon.
6031	Everyone has to be involved to ensure no one is “giving in” to the begging.
6032	Everyone here enjoys the fantastic scenery and shops and you can walk everywhere!
6033	Everyone in Turkey knows what a military dictatorship means.
6034	Everyone is keen to begin the process of sharing information.
6035	Everyone is made to feel welcome and part of a fantastic team.
6036	Everyone is welcome no matter what your level of ability!
6037	Everyone knew it wasn’t based on ability but on nepotism.
6038	Everyone knows how hard it is to contractualise social value, but Bolton at Home have shown us that it can be done.”
6039	Everyone loves a business trip.
6040	Everyone loves candles during the festive period, and you don't have to be able to make your own.
6041	Everyone made a huge effort to dress up smartly in their dresses and gowns and suits and all looked very elegant.
6042	Every one of his team has had manufacturing as well as restaurant experience.
6043	Everyone sees their area in a different way, but everyone shares the same common ground of living in the place its self.
6044	Every painting in the exhibition is for sale.
6045	Every pound that you can raise for the campaign will make a direct difference, allowing us to produce and distribute the campaigning materials and information that will be crucial to fending off the current attack.
6046	Every problem the site has thrown up has altered the original design, but led to some stunning additions such as the walkway further up the cliff which acts as a terrace and a place for soil and vegetation to land rather than fall on the house.
6047	Every product that carries the Kirkland Signature name is carefully researched, tested, handselected, or custom-created by a dedicated team of experts here at Costco.
6048	“Every resident can then see transparently the amounts of money contributed to school places, roads, pavements, parks and other public assets,” said Coun.
6049	Every Simba mattress comes with a 10 year guarantee.
6050	Every single person across Celsian puts the child at the heart of every decision they make and this is within their DNA.
6051	Everything about our stay at Venn was perfect!
6052	Everything about the Aurora Mirror BBQ oozes quality – it’s modern, efficient design, build, beautiful colour choices and LED light.
6053	Everything: books, clothes, plants, mementoes – if they don’t bring you joy, get rid.
6054	"Everything feels sad yet peaceful in 'A Grey Day Pastoral.'
6055	Everything in our leather interior cleaner range has been designed to protect, clean and condition, helping you to maintain your car’s original look and prolong the leather’s lifespan.
6056	Everything is painfully still; the only movement comes from Cooper’s heart-wrenching weeps, his face contorted into the picture of anguish, body trembling, then positively shaking in waves and waves of emptiness.
6057	Everything the modern man needs to furnish his home from furniture to candles.
6058	Everything they did to accommodate us and our guests.
6059	Everything was as described, and there was a sufficient supply of all the essentials not to have us scurrying to the shops.
6060	Everything was great, the team really enjoyed the day and the service was very, very good.
6061	Everything you see in this part of the site is only available in a limited number.
6062	Every three minutes someone in the UK develops a form of dementia and there are 850,000 people in the UK living with dementia today and with an aging population this figure is set to rise.
6063	“Every time you came into contact with Neale it was a happy occasion.
6064	Every time you connect to the Internet an IP (Internet Protocol) address is assigned to you, which under current IPv4 standards typically takes the form of four number groupings (e.g. 123.23.56.98).
6065	Every transaction you’ve made is shown on your statements so it’s easy to monitor how much you’re spending every month.
6066	Every treatment is performed on a Hydrotherm Water bed, so not only do you receive a wonderful experience, but you'll feel like you are floating on a bed of warm, nurturing and comforting clouds.
6067	Every Tuesday – 6pm-10pm.
6068	Every winter, thousands of properties suffer burst pipes and their occupiers suffer the misery and inconvenience that go with them.
6069	Every year, Christians around the world remember Jesus’ crucifixion and celebrate his resurrection three days later.
6070	Every year nearly 60,000 people are diagnosed with breast cancer in the UK, that’s one person every 10 minutes.
6071	Every year, New Horizon helps 2,500 vulnerable young people.
6072	Every year our Lower Sixth students are invited to join a speed networking event, which gives the girls the opportunity to meet with professionals from various industries.
6073	Every year the work produced by our Design and Technology Department is of a superb standard.
6074	Every year, this Georgian market town hosts a diverse mix of international music, drama, visual art, comedy, literature, theatre and cinema in a week-long arts festival.
6075	Every year we host prep school Heads for lunch in our garden.
6076	Every year we look forward to the event and this one always aims to please.
6077	Evesham Bowling Club is located next to the cricket club at the end of Blind Lane, off Albert Road.
6078	Evidence is also key to securing trust.
6079	Evidence of this can be found in the valuation rolls, which list the owners, tenants and occupiers of buildings across Scotland.
6080	Evidence should be in the form of graduate courses and/or dissertations.
6081	Evidently, narcolepsy is a very complex disorder and does not just affect you during the night but also during the day.
6082	EV involves identifying an area of the retina that retains reasonable functionality in order to maximise detail, and learning to use it effectively.
6083	Evolution is also a numbers and diversity game.
6084	Evolved from Susan’s ongoing concerns with trading and political histories, material cultures, mapping and boats, was first made for the exhibition at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon.
6085	Evolving from Solar Energy UK and 7-years of continuous show growth, this year’s show heralds an exciting new focus on Solar, Storage, EV infrastructure and related technologies that will empower the transition to cleaner energy.
6086	Examples are shown for a purchase price of £3900.00 or the minimum spend required to qualify for the package.
6087	Examples are ‘take your child to work days’, sports fixtures (for both the children and the parents), Mothers’ Day with their mothers and Fathers’ Day with their fathers.
6088	Examples of areas to be considered may include the auditor’s role in connection with narrative reporting and non-GAAP measures.
6089	Examples of regional work - Workforce Development - By theme / initiative - Education and training - NES This website places cookies on your device to help us improve our service to you.
6090	Examples of signature tunes and station jingles can be found in the collections too.
6091	Examples of support include additional one-to-one tuition, special exam arrangements or equipment loan.
6092	Exam results time is never easy: especially when the economic climate is uncertain.
6093	Excellent accommodation with everything we needed.
6094	Excellent advice & efficiency.
6095	Excellent all round condition 87K miles, MOT Feb 2019 with no advisories.
6096	Excellent condition and well documented service and ownership history.
6097	Excellently made, styled and they certainly do the job!
6098	Excellent range of cupboard and drawer storage.
6099	Excellent service form start to finish.
6100	Excellent service, friendly and informed staff.
6101	Except as expressly permitted under these Terms of Use, the licences granted in Clauses 2.2 – 2.3 above are subject to End User complying with the following conditions.
6102	Excerpt from the 1st Royal Marine Battalion (aka 1st Bn.
6103	Exchange Rate at the time of submitting the request would be applicable for all requests.
6104	Excited about the Sky Sports News revamp?
6105	Excited to have you on.
6106	Exciting opportunity for sale St Leonards, EX2 A beautiful Georgian listed property benefitting from excellent transport links situated in a sought after area.
6107	Exclusive to House of Fraser, they are crafted from a durable heavy gauge carbon steel material with a non-stick coating to ensure an.
6108	Execute custom scripts as configuration to perform repetitive administrative tasks at ease.
6109	Executive coach departures will stay for six nights at the three-star Hotel Bristol in Riva del Garda.
6110	Executive councillor for the environment Tom Conn said: "Unfortunately when the cemetery opened there were regular incidences of antisocial behaviour, which were completely unacceptable and disrespectful, involving vehicles at the cemetery.
6111	Executive Windows have been established for over 22 years.
6112	Exemption from any aspect of foot patrol duties cannot be regarded as 'Reasonable Adaption' under the terms of the Equality Act.
6113	Exhibition catalogue 'The Sleep of Reason' published by Manchester City Art Gallery, ISBN 0 901673 68 4 features an introduction by Conrad Atkinson and critical essays by Amanda Fielding,Diana Donald and Jane Webb.
6114	Exhibition lighting in museums and galleries usually strives to render the true nature of the surface of the exhibits.
6115	Exhibitor stalls will be covered by pop-up 3m x 3m, waterproof marquees.
6116	Existing businesses are inspected at a frequency determined by the level of risk they pose to employees and others.
6117	Existing scheme rules do not actually require a final response (or deadlock) letter.
6118	"Exit fees come in many different guises, being termed early redemption charges, administration charges, exit fees, sealing fees or deeds release fees.
6119	Expand into new markets with a discount of at least 60% on international shipments through our partnership with DHL Express.
6120	Expect delays on approach.9.06 miles from Brent Cross.
6121	Expect glorious scenery all around as you explore the Wye Valley and Brecon Beacons.
6122	Expect to pay about £7500 for an original 1.9 litre used BMW Z3 from the 1997 launch year in the UK, with a 1998 model adding £500 to the asking price and an automatic gearbox further inflating the price by £250.
6123	Expect to pay an average of £174,288 within Derby itself.
6124	Expect to see him continue at number three, but young Worcestershire batsman Joe Clarke is getting closer.
6125	Expenses include concentrates, fertiliser, veterinary, fuel, electric, contractor and machinery running costs.
6126	Experian is known to be the UK’s most trusted credit score provider*.
6127	Experian welcomes the positive labour market figures, which should provide support to incomes despite easing wage.
6128	Experience all things Caribbean whilst helping raise funds.
6129	Experienced 7.5 Tonne Driver needed for immediate start Temporary ongoing work - £9.50 per hour Must have up to date CPC Days Monday to Friday 6am- 2.30pm Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
6130	Experienced Health & Safety Coordinator required, Tring based company.
6131	“Experienced members of our teams will be available to give landlords expert insight into the lettings market across the area and discuss any aspects of letting and property management they may be concerned about.
6132	Experienced within the industry, you can trust our tradesmen to reliably carry out first-class HIU checks and HIU Repairs.
6133	Experience in office golf, go-karting or using laser guns would be a bonus…
6134	Experience of interpreting business requirements.
6135	Experience Oxfordshire is delighted to announce the launch of two specially themed commemorative tours to celebrate these anniversaries.
6136	Experience selling IT products or in aB2B environment a definite advantage.
6137	Experiences elsewhere tell us it is essential for the success of a reintroduction that all sectors of the rural community are involved in discussions and have the opportunity to shape policy.
6138	Experience the sights, smells, sounds and tastes of the past as Historia Normanis take you on a journey through time, with events the whole family can enjoy.
6139	Experiment in Happiness is a site responsive piece created for the artist studio at Camden Arts Centre.
6140	Expertly crafted in Italy from supple leather, the bag is an ideal choice of accessory for a range of evening occasions and parties.
6141	Expert search optimisation for your website.
6142	Explained by John MacLean 1894’ Typescript bound by PRM.
6143	Explain how the structures of the following systems of the human body are related to their functions: musculoskeletal, cardiovascular, respiratory and neurological.
6144	Explain, or list, any other principles or values your purpose makes reference to.
6145	Explains how to challenge a Parking Penalty Charge Notice (PCN).
6146	Explains how to cope when supporting someone else, giving practical suggestions for what you can do and where you can go for support.
6147	Explains how to make a complaint against the police, how the IOPC can help and what to include in your complaint.
6148	Explain why you feel that the Parking Charge Notice should be cancelled.
6149	Explore 4 acres of deciduous woodland and 29 acres of farm and meadow land.
6150	Explore Bob’s Sock Factory for Colorful Socks Today.
6151	Explore distance learning options for postgraduate study at Manchester.
6152	Explore Hadrian's Gate, Konyaalti Beach, Karaalioglu Park and countless other locations in the awe inspiring resort town of Antalya.
6153	Explore more of the area with Discovering Britain’s walks, trails and views.
6154	Explore remote sea coves, toast your captain with a glass of champagne and then head for shore to lay out on deserted beaches and feast on gourmet Majorcan cuisine at the Restaurant Arrels by Marga Coll.
6155	Explores provider experiences in recruiting and engaging low-paid workers, participants’ barriers to progression, the kinds of support delivered by Step Up providers, and the outcomes achieved by participants.
6156	Explore Suffolk from the comfort of one of our dog-friendly holiday cottages.
6157	Explore the gallery, investigate the collection, and pick a shortlist of 5-10 to go home a research in depth.
6158	Explore the human body with this flexible programme of online courses.
6159	Explore the Norfolk parish registers available on Findmypast.
6160	Exploring Lochranza and its ancient castle, as well as spotting seals from the shore and visiting the Arran whiskey distillery.
6161	Exploring the emerging risk of disruption and catastrophic failure of these critical systems is a key theme of research at the Centre.
6162	Exploring the Fault-Lines in the Church of England, Bletchley: Paternoster Press, 2005.
6163	Exploring these questions will contribute to the e-Research community realizing its full potential and achieve sustainability.
6164	Exponential and natural logarithm functions, power functions, hyperbolic functions, inverse hyperbolic functions and their derivatives.
6165	Export Collections provide a more secure method than open account as documents are sent to and held by the overseas bank until your buyer has either paid or agreed to pay at a future date.
6166	Expression Photography reserve the right at any time and without notice to amend or alter all content on this site as deemed necessary by Expression Photography.
6167	Expressions of Interest are invited.
6168	Extending to 15'2" in to the bay window.
6169	Extend Your Stay departure times may vary by ship and itinerary based on local immigration regulations.
6170	“Extensive basement developments can cause years of misery for those living nearby.
6171	Extensive research is underway to find new versions of these drugs but with additional beneficial properties.
6172	External auditors or our Regulator; e.g. Lexcel, SRA, ICO etc.
6173	External finance solutions from trusted SME financial lenders can be an important enabler to helping businesses to expand and compete on a level playing field with larger, more established competitors.
6174	Externally is an enclosed yard to the rear with gated access.
6175	Externally there is a block paved driveway, a patio area and the gardens are turfed to the front and rear.
6176	Externally there is a good.
6177	External validation of these classes was performed using as a criterion the presence of hallucinations.
6178	Extra durability and support; especially for those above average stature.
6179	Extra services available on weekends.
6180	Extremely clean, very comfortable with everything you need, home from home.
6181	Extreme selective sweeps independently targeted the X chromosomes of the great apes.
6182	EYFS emphasises the importance of working closely with parents/carers to get them more involved with their child’s development, both at home and at childcare.
6183	F60126-28 - A yachting costume designed by Redfern.
6184	Fabian's research is on the physics of magma and the microphysical origin of volcanic processes.
6185	Fabricators will be required to provide relevant test reports for each system.
6186	Fabric sometimes may not look as contemporary as leather furniture.
6187	Fabric supplied or customers own fabric can be made up.
6188	“Fabric Upholstered Ottoman Bed” has been added to your basket.
6189	Fabulous award winning four-course meal served in our stunning restaurant overlooking the gardens.
6190	Fabulous beaches nearby at nearby St.Ives and Hayle, or things to see and do a little further, in Truro or Falmouth.
6191	Fabulousness triumphs over function here.
6192	Fab Veggie Sunday Roasts too.
6193	Facebook Live video stream from 12 January 2018.
6194	Facilitate a range of selection tools and methods including interviews, assessment centres, presentations and other ability tests.
6195	Facing yourself head on and telling the truth to yourself is where you begin and with the help of Venus Cow changing the way you think about things will help you change the way you look at things.
6196	Factor in a chassis that corners without a great deal of understeer or body roll and you have a setup which will be more than adequate for most of the target market.
6197	Factor in alteration costs – for your dress, for the Groomâ€™s suit and potentially for the Bridesmaids dresses too.
6198	Factors implicated in the diagnosis and prognosis of children who stutter.
6199	Faded diamonds and bars are projections.
6200	Failure in heat-shock protein expression in response to UBB+1 protein in progressive supranuclear palsy in humans.
6201	Failure to comply with them may result in fines being imposed and persistent offenders may be subject to further disciplinary action.
6202	Failure to protect the deposit could result in you having to compensate the tenant with up to three times the amount of the deposit and you may not be able to regain possession of the property.
6203	Failure to submit any of the above documents will result in the process of the application being delayed.
6204	Fairly common in the area.
6205	Fair share payments make up the bulk of the funding currently provided by the financial services sector to the debt advice sector.
6206	Fair to say that both on and off the field the tour did not go as well as this one, which suggests the superficial answer is no.
6207	Faiza Khan MBE, director of policy and communications at the Paul Hamlyn Foundation, said “We value the power that the arts have in helping people to break down barriers and engage in conversations that they would not normally have.”
6208	Fakenham maintained their excellent start to the season in Eastern Counties One North on Saturday when they beat visitors North Walsham Raiders 24-3.
6209	Fake websites take payment for the non-existent tickets.
6210	Falkirk FC director Andy Thomson said: “It’s great to be back hosting another live show in partnership with LCC Live.
6211	Falling orders has shown that China is still continuing to struggle against the backdrop of the European Crisis, however, again the markets are optimistic that the Chinese government will step up policy easing.
6212	FALSTAFF: What disease hast thou?
6213	Families and couples appreciate the ease of the layout, which is all on the ground floor and has direct access to a patio and communal gardens.
6214	Families and larger groups may prefer to opt for a larger model such as the Renault Megane or Volkswagen Passat.
6215	Families have called for traffic calming measures on their road after a car ploughed into three parked vehicles, shunting one into a house.
6216	Families speak little to no English and children are either not yet in school.
6217	Families will want safety, space and security from a used car for sale.
6218	Family bathroom.
6219	Family flowers only, donations for Upwood Cricket Club may be made at the service.
6220	Family Lives are committed to exploring innovative ways of reaching the families who most need our support.
6221	Family Lives offers some great opportunities for volunteers, and they embrace volunteers wholeheartedly.”
6222	Family run 3 star 17th Century Georgian Hotel and Restaurant located in the village of Trecastle in the Brecon Beacons National Park, South Wales.
6223	Family run furniture shop since 1995 in Waterside area of L'Derry.
6224	Family's agony over five-year-old boy's 'butterfly' condition that causes his skin to blister and his eyeba.
6225	Family time is precious, and spending time with those that you love in a wholesome, hearty manner can make all the difference.
6226	Famously the Royals cannot agree to selfies and hate having camera phones shoved in their faces, but Jennie believes the pictures will offer Meghan a unique perspective on life as a Royal.
6227	Famous people whose cremations have taken place there include Anna Pavlova, Stanley Baldwin, Marc Bolan, Neville Chamberlain, Kingsley Amis, T. S. Eliot, Keith Moon, John Inman, Ivor Novello and Sigmund Freud.
6228	Fancy bringing some sunshine to the streets in your own Maddox Yellow Corsa?
6229	Fancy personalising your new McLaren, but finding the current factory customisation options a bit dated?
6230	Fans of historic buildings mustn't miss Prideaux Place, an Elizabethan house in excellent condition with stunning views of the Camel Estuary and Bodmin Moor.
6231	Fans of the four rings will once again be given a day to remember later this month as one of the UK’s most hotly anticipated Audi enthusiast shows opens its doors on Saturday, 15th October at Castle Combe‘s famous racing circuit.
6232	Fans set up Rainbow Flag Project for Harry Styles to show the ‘power of his fandom’ and support for LGBTQ.
6233	Fans will get a glimpse of their new material from their new album Accidentally on Purpose at Bournemouth Pavilion on Sunday.
6234	Fantastic bungalow for sale in central area of Playa del Inglés.
6235	Fantastic, helpful hosts.
6236	Fantastic Service from a Company that really know the area, the properties, and how to find the right house for the right buyer.
6237	FANTASTIC - thanks a lot for all your work."
6238	Faraday spent almost fifty years at the Royal Institution.
6239	Farmer (co-author of the Thriving at Work report) hit the nail on the head when he said that opportunities have been missed to prevent poor mental health in the workplace.
6240	Farm safety, particularly issues surrounding children on farms is a key priority for all of us.
6241	Faro Beach () is a popular choice if you plan to do any water sports like swimming, windsurfing, sailing or jet skiing.
6242	Farringford Care is in Wilton Road, Humberston.
6243	Fascinating documents unearthed in Aviva's Norwich archives reveal an amazing catalogue of accident claims dating back to the 1800s in England, such as from slipping on discarded fruit.
6244	Fascinating fact: Pula's vast, Roman amphitheatre is the only one in the world to have four side towers and have all three Roman architectural orders entirely preserved.
6245	Fascinatingly, the programme’s cameras and microphones captured all the gentle argy-bargy of the situation, the expert-to-expert negotiations, the polite wheedling between eminent professors of surgery – and above, all the frustration.
6246	Fashionable cafés, a French-style shopping arcade and trendy little boutiques and galleries can be found here.
6247	Fashion designer Kouider, 35, and her banker husband Medouni, 40, denied murder but were found guilty.
6248	Fast forward 20 years and with my own past put far behind me I wanted to help people similar to me turn their lives around.
6249	Fast forward to 2017s hipster-beard-growing, paleo-eating, gin-drinking generation, and ‘getting a brew on’ has altogether more alcoholic connotations.
6250	Fast forward to our supposedly more enlightened age and you will still find unicorn parts changing hands at eye-watering valuations.
6251	Fatah's backers have long been incapable of challenging US domination of the Middle East.
6252	Father Christmas has been invited to visit mid-morning and draw the raffle at 12.30pm.
6253	Fatigue is extreme tiredness – you may lack energy and feel physically or mentally exhausted.
6254	Fat Media are proud to announce the launch of the new website for Bathroom & Design Ideas, a Bolton based bathroom design specialist.
6255	Fatuma Farah - “Examining Perspectives on Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) among affected communities in the United Kingdom.
6256	Favourite to score in Pretty Polly Stakes Sunday racing goes at Windsor, Uttoxeter, Cartmel and…
6257	Fawcett undertakes a range of building and DIY work.
6258	Fay admitted four counts of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity at his home address on 20 July 2015; the offences relate to four boys who were aged ten at the time of the incidents.
6259	Faye’s main goal is to give others the love for dance and training that she was lucky enough to receive.
6260	FCC removes dead animals on a number of its contracts including in Harborough and Wychavon as part of an integrated service provided in these areas.
6261	FCO and DFID staff monitor the humanitarian situation in Rakhine State closely and visit frequently.
6262	Feathery fascinators add frivolity to an outfit, but they don’t always meet the dress code for events, for example they are not allowed in the Royal Enclosure at Royal Ascot.
6263	Featuring a Brazilian cut and all over lace detailing, they're a feminine option for daily wear.
6264	Featuring a side zip and gorgeous bow detailing, these sophisticated heeled boots look great paired with some light-wash jeans to complete the look.
6265	Featuring cropped block colour crop top and slim fit stretch bottoms with panelled pattern.
6266	Featuring free WiFi, a barbecue and a terrace, Llwyn yr Eos offers pet-friendly accommodation in Dryslwyn.
6267	Featuring over 50 classic hits including My Girl, What’s Going On, Dancing in the StreetAin’t No Mountain High Enough.
6268	Featuring the hit, "Pull Me Under," the album introduced Dream Theater to hordes of new fans that continue to support the band to this day.
6269	Featuring the latest technology and features, you’ll always be able to keep your home and car spotless.
6270	Featuring the Stressless patented Glide® and Plus® systems, the Stressless Consul swivel recliner responds to your body's slightest movement.
6271	February 16th, 2018 - Events - Hull - Whats on - Hull TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
6272	February 23rd, 2018 - Events - Blackpool - Whats on - Blackpool TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
6273	February is full of love!
6274	Federation House in NOMA opened in November 2017 as an ethical co-working space for start-ups and established tech Companies sponsored by Co-op Group.
6275	Fedgi Ltd (06554165) Registered Office as above.
6276	Fee: £30,000 plus VAT, per annum (paid quarterly) for an average of 2 days per month (£25,001-£30,000).
6277	​Feedback from frontline officers is being used to develop new training for stop and search.
6278	Feedback from staff on the Integrated Locality Teams has been positive.
6279	Feedback has shown that over half of our respondents from previous years spent over 3 hours working through the resource so please don’t feel constrained within these time limits!
6280	Feed-in Tariffs are a scheme devised and implemented by the UK Government grants as the main financial incentive to encourage uptake of renewable electricity-generating technologies.
6281	Feel Better Osteopathy : : Warwickshire's service directory.
6282	Feel every cell of your body glowing with health and vitality – even if that’s hard, if you ask for that to happen, it will.
6283	Feel free to also visit your nearest Motorpoint dealership where you can book a test drive in a second-hand Hyundai ix35 and learn about our finance options and the part-exchange we offer on this range.
6284	Feel free to book me for an Excellent service.
6285	Feeling run down, tired, or sluggish?
6286	Feeling unwell or lethargic, when accompanied by chest pain or discomfort.
6287	Feel like the star of the show with this Hollywood bar 5 light fitting in your bathroom.
6288	Feel like this programme is for you?
6289	Feel young by rediscovering your natural childhood.
6290	Fees should be agreed in advance.
6291	Felix Greene managed to make a vast survey of Cuba only 12 years after the overthrow of the corrupt and venal dictatorship of Batista.
6292	Felons sentenced to death were hung in the tree on a particularly strong rope and left there to die.
6293	Fence painting and replacement.
6294	Fenland District Council has spoken of its "disappointment" after a recent Planning Inspectorate decision affecting its 5 year housing land supply and affordable housing provision.
6295	FERGUS LAMB, Seed Expert, who will esteem your orders.
6296	FERGUSON – The family of the late Janet Ferguson would like to thank everyone for all the kind expressions of sympathy received.
6297	Ferndale Road in Binley Woods, Coventry consists predominantly of detached houses.
6298	Ferrari was librarian to Thomas Coke, later Viscount Coke of Holkham and Earl of Leicester.
6299	Feurich Pianos in Lamorbey - Mildren Pianos LtdThis website may use cookies.
6300	Feurich Pianos in N21 - Mildren Pianos LtdThis website may use cookies.
6301	“Fewer people are searching for magazine subscriptions online.
6302	Few though, beyond school choirs and the odd festival chorus, have really taken his music to their hearts.
6303	FIBARO Smoke Sensor is a perfect sensor, a trendsetter for our competitors.
6304	Fie has volunteered on three CHICKS breaks in the past, although this will be her first Christmas with us, and she’s really looking forward to it: “I believe it will allow the children the chance to be simply that - children.
6305	Field edges and downland tracks led up towards Gander Down, along shady woodland paths, then out between wide cornfields where the harvesting monsters prowled.
6306	Fierce opposition from local landowners and the need to cut a 1,312 yard tunnel through St Boniface Down delayed the opening of a four-mile extension of the line to Wroxall and Ventnor, 11.5 miles from Ryde, until 15 September 1866.
6307	Fifa's World Cup update is about to arrive.
6308	Fife, just north of Edinburgh, across the Forth.
6309	Fifth double bedroom to second floor with vaulted ceiling and sky light.
6310	Fig. 5: Spectral range for the particle fluorescence recorded by the MBS, together with example spectra from an e.coli cell and a paper mulberry pollen grain.
6311	Fighter Sir Alex Ferguson has the world on his side for this battleThe Manchester United great has thrived on his fighting spirit and must do so again.
6312	Figs, fruit trees, soft fruit and strawberries can also be grown successfully in containers provided that the right cultivars, rootstock and correct container size are chosen.
6313	Figure 1 plots the Remain and Leave vote share for each local authority against its ranking of relative decline.
6314	Figure 3 shows the contribution each of these made to the 2013 total SET estimate.
6315	Figure 4 places the UK alongside nine other countries.
6316	Figure 8.2 looks in more detail at the unemployment rate for the last 5 years.
6317	Figures for 2015/16 show that 10.68% of opiate users accessing treatment services in the Lancashire-12 area successfully completed the programme and did not represent within six months, significantly above the England figure of 6.72%.
6318	Figures of those reporting breaches increased to nearly seven in 10 for large organisations.
6319	Figures released last month show that the East Midlands boasts the second biggest average property price rise in the UK, showing the potential on offer if you are buying or selling in the leicester property market.
6320	File 617 opposite page 184 - A white horse fiighting a donkey.
6321	Files in respect of teaching officers.
6322	Files that are too large to be attached to e-mails can be transferred quickly and easily with myfilesender.
6323	Filling your piping bag can be a messy job, why not try folding the top of the bag over a cup to give yourself a stable base and an extra hand to help for an easier filling process?
6324	Fill out the form and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
6325	Fill out your details to find out more about Certificate in HR Metrics & Workforce Analytics – Insight Context & Credibility for HR Professionals.
6326	FilmFlex and Virgin Media also plan to work together on the further development of the movies-on-demand service offered on Virgin Media TiVo.
6327	Filming took place at Preston Mill in May 2014.
6328	Films and Sugar Films, co-founded by ex-BBC Chief Creative Officer Pat Younge.
6329	Film services and DVD prices can make it tricky to watch movies as often as you’d like, though, so voucher codes will help you see more big films at a cheaper cost.
6330	Filters allow you to isolate a specific portion of the report’s data (e.g. only the red Smarties).
6331	Finally, an H&I laboratory may keep registers of potential recipients of organ transplants and volunteer donors of haemopoietic stem cells (both bone marrow and cord blood).
6332	Finally, going back up towards Namibia and Botswana, you can visit the green a rarely visited but beautiful region of the desert watered by the Orange River.
6333	Finally, holders Whalley could be staring elimination in the face after being thrashed by Oswaldtwistle Immanuel at Station Road.
6334	Finally, in 2017 25 of the team have booked to do the tougher Lake District Total Warrior course, 8 to do Leeds Total Warrior, 3 to do tough mudder all for charity and 10 doing Gung ho for Love hope Trust.
6335	Finally instead of turning left to go out on another loop I turned into the finish (I’m not sure if its evil or motivating to loop past the finish) I am still amazed at how emotional the finishing straight was!
6336	Finally just for your information, "Fujiyama" is an incorrect name from the West.
6337	“Finally, my best piece of advice would be to find a level of acceptance.
6338	Finally, please be mindful of the fact that flying incorrect or inappropriate flags could lead to insult, either at home or abroad, by giving a signal you do not intend to give, or could lead you to a fine for breaking the law.
6339	Finally - start at a sensible pace.
6340	Finally, the last group to arrive at Wilby on Saturday, the Womens Blues are playing the 1330 home fixture against top of the league Bedford 1s.
6341	Finally, the text will ask why, (if the analysis that Marx writes is so prominent) is it not being considered by the social elite as a way to develop our society?
6342	Finally we are committed to providing a high quality of customer service.
6343	Finally, while you're busy keeping your carbon footprint down, don't forget to be respectful of local communities and customs as well.
6344	Finally, with about 20 miles remaining, three riders made a break for it.
6345	Finally, you can keep the vehicle either by paying the OFP in full or you will find that most companies offer the opportunity to re-finance the OFP.
6346	Finally, you will use your graphs to find the Elasticity (Young's) Modulus of the metal.
6347	Final salary pension schemes are probably the best-known type of defined benefit pension scheme – but many have now been closed.
6348	Finance example is for an Audi Solutions agreement for a new Audi RS 4 Avant 2.9 TFSI quattro 450 PS tiptronic with optional metallic paint, a contract mileage of 10,000 miles per year and excess mileage charge of 15.6p per mile.
6349	Finance is available.
6350	Finance & Performance Scrutiny was informed of the position in relation to sundry debts at the end of the first quarter of 2017/18.
6351	Financial advice is now regulated by the FCA.
6352	Financial exclusion has become a major policy concern.
6353	Financial Reporting Council says there is 'not a realistic prospect' of finding PwC guilty of misconduct.
6354	Financial reporting, forecasting, maintaining shareholder relations, and managing cash flow, although important, are no longer the sole building blocks of a CFO’s success.
6355	Financial support from the US National Science Foundation; 2008-2012.
6356	Find answers to the most Frequently Asked Questions customers have asked before they have booked.
6357	Find around you a professional of tyres, batteries and brakes in Pembrokeshire.
6358	Find books to help you with a range of common problems and issues.
6359	Find business details, ratings and reviews of your local members club in St George, Bristol and write your own review.
6360	Find business details, ratings and reviews of your local supermarket in Longwell Green, Bristol and write your own review.
6361	Find Caravans Repair And Servicing in Banbridge, County Down on the Banbridge Leader directory.
6362	FIND FREQUENCY: â™¦â™¦â™¦â™¦â™¦ -Danes Dyke is a location that is highly productive in fossils.
6363	Finding a new hair salon/stylist.
6364	Finding new and innovative ways to engage with people on social media is what will really make you stand out.
6365	Finding out that you have a reason to complain, but no longer than 12 months after the event itself.
6366	Finding that there had been professional negligence on the Defendant’s part, and that the Claimants were therefore entitled to recover damages, the judge awarded judgment in the sum of $11,630,970.
6367	Finding the perfect outfit for a wedding can be stressful enough, but it's a whole different ball game when it comes to attending an actual Royal Wedding.
6368	Find more Surfing or attractions in WalesGo to attractions in Wales listed by townGo to tourist attractions Map of WalesWalesdirectory.
6369	Findmypast is excited to be working with Shropshire Archives to bring you a range of family history records.
6370	Find out about bus fares in Swale.
6371	Find out about the different grants and loans available to your children.
6372	Find out about what is happening to statements of SEN and how this affects your child.
6373	Find out all about Manheim's award-winning SimulcastUsing our award-winning Simulcast system, trade buyers and sellers can participate in live auctions via their mobile phone, tablet or PC.
6374	Find out all about our contract hire purchase packages for business finance.
6375	Find out how to avoid them.
6376	Find out how to pay a parking, bus lane or clearway fine.
6377	Find out how to prepare for an emergency.
6378	Find out how we have simplified the process for authorising credit unions by introducing the mobilisation option to reduce potential barriers to entry in this sector and enable increased competition.
6379	Find out how you can get it protected through listing.
6380	Find out more about how to protect your hearing or speak to a qualified Hearing Aid Dispenser, by calling 0800 740 8706.
6381	Find out more about The Company's 5by20 course in Dundee.
6382	Find out more about the Hospital at Home study at https://hahstudy.
6383	Find out more about this courseThe Cass Finance Faculty is one of the largest in the world.
6384	Find out more about volunteering options.
6385	Find out more information on Building Regulations.
6386	Find out the latest news from York Museums Trust in our regular e-newsletters, with information on our upcoming exhibitions and events at York Castle Museum, York Art Gallery, and the Yorkshire Museum and Gardens.
6387	Find out what CHAPS payments are and how they differ from Faster Payments.
6388	Find out what made him a legend but also caused his fatal crash in 1967 when his last attempt to break the world record failed.
6389	Find out what people are saying about Edinburgh butchers.
6390	Find out what people are saying about places on Dura Street.
6391	Find Photographers in Dungannon, County Tyrone on the Tyrone Times directory.
6392	Finds included pottery, metal objects and wood from both the pit and from the builders spoil.
6393	Findspot - a Roman coin found 600m south west of the library, Shipston on Stour.
6394	Find the latest collection of jewellery items which are ideal for any occasion from this online site at a moderate price.
6395	Find your cheap flight to Kazakhstan (direct flight to Kazakhstan or with stops on a regular airline, low cost carrier or charter).
6396	Find your dream destination, then go there with Virgin Atlantic.
6397	Find your perfect apprenticeship.
6398	Fine dining experience at the heart of the racecourse with first class views of the action.
6399	Finian’s Rainbow is the returning champion who finished last at Ascot in November and February, although the ten-year-old can return to this track and run a decent race considering the defeat of Sizing Europe twelve months ago.
6400	Finished in Iris Blue with a set of Minilite style alloys.
6401	Finished with the brands classic gold toned branded accents, this piece boasts a branded padlock detail.
6402	Finsbury Park in North London was the location for this baby and family photo shoot, featuring six month old baby Iris.
6403	Fionnghuala completed an internship in Australia in the summer of 2017 and hopes to travel once completing her degree.
6404	Firearms and Explosives Branch constantly look for improvements and new ways to improve the service we provide.
6405	Firearms incidents and planned events are an example of why we would cancel rest days.
6406	Firefox, Mozilla and Netscape 7+ (Mac OS X) key and press the number or letter of the access key.
6407	Fire safety whilst camping or caravanning in HampshireDO NOT DELETE!
6408	Fireside Heating Services is a fireplace shop selling a variety of fireplaces for homes and other buildings.
6409	Firey, salty and brilliantly sweet – its little wonder it is the unofficial best bacon butty at King’s Cross.
6410	Firms are more likely show to engage where the risks are shared with other parties.
6411	Firms will wish to consider whether any employee should be able to sign on client account, and whether signing rights should be given to all managers of the practice or limited to those managers directly involved in providing legal services.
6412	First a key to the various colours on the map.
6413	First, check that you have Buildmark cover and if you have, check your policy documents to see if the problem you’re experiencing is covered.
6414	First class accommodation, lovely aspect and situation, sun terrace, cinema (with bar!
6415	First Dates producers linked her up with 23-year-old Michael, who showed off his dance moves saying he could go the whole night.
6416	First, he experienced the same crucial exposure to an extraordinary variety of species and their variants in the natural world during his travels around what is now Indonesia, as Darwin had on his The Voyage of the Beagle.
6417	“First he unseated Jamie Moore at the last when fighting it out at Sandown, then a fortnight later we managed to retain the great AP McCoy to ride him, which was a thrill in itself.
6418	First, I am totally unclear about why this school was given approval to start up in the first place in a city that has good quality schools and surplus places.
6419	First impressions are often a good guide too â€“ if you donâ€™t feel comfortable and safe then it is unlikely to be the right place for you.
6420	First impressions count, the perception that they form of your business and you will be hugely influenced by how that website â€˜visuallyâ€™ communicates to them.
6421	First International InnoEd conference, Leeds University, UK, 8th July, 2004.
6422	First Knight Construction charge a daily rate of £200 for 2 skilled workmen working from 8-5pm (i.e 8 hours including breaks).
6423	Firstly, a balanced, comprehensive programme of engineering and technological events and activities both here at Tonbridge and some at other venues throughout the year, for all years.
6424	Firstly energy bills could go up.
6425	Firstly there will be a report on the early results of the qualitative work conducted with 57 participants that explored the change in their eating out experiences following their first interviews before the 2014 legislation.
6426	Firstly, they provide extra insulation to the home.
6427	Firstly, we need to consider older people in all their complexity and diversity.
6428	First passing through the Hamlin Lane Playing Fields at Polsloe, the route then begins to climb through Beacon Heath into the undulating meadows of Mincinglake Valley Park.
6429	First proposed last August, the £1 billion project is set to include substantial landscaping of the area, with more than one-third of the 150-hectare site to be dedicated to green spaces.
6430	First Reading—outcry; Second Reading—lose the argument but stubbornly refuse to listen; go to the Lords—hit the emergency pause button and say that he will do all the things he should have done before he published the Bill in the first place.
6431	First seen on the 964 variant of the 911 the option of 4 wheel drive has continued through to the present day due to its effectiveness on the road and track.
6432	First spin of Apple Music just didn't do it for me, too much onboarding details.
6433	First step for 0-3 year olds to have A Better Start in the South East: Big Lottery Fund This site is showing content relating to all UK countries.
6434	First, that they are in favour of data protection regulation.
6435	"First time buyer numbers continue to be strong, helped in part by government schemes.
6436	First up, let’s explain how Apple’s Face ID works and what Apple says about the technology.
6437	First, we are supposed to be on the side of free speech, and that includes the right to give offence.
6438	Fir tree mounts can be used in a wide range of applications throughout various types of products; anything from aircraft, to switch-gears, to washing machines.
6439	Fitness programme Iron Zuu that has gone viral in Australia sets up first UK gym in GloucesterIt is being described as "the new Crossfit"
6440	Fitted base and wall units with contrasting rolled edge work surfaces, circular stainless steel sink with mixer tap, space for freezer, further space and plumbing to recess for an automatic washing machine.
6441	Fitted carpet and 2 central heating radiators.
6442	Fitted quite nicely and felt snug and secure when inside.
6443	Fitted wardrobes, storage cupboard and door leading to the en-suite shower room.
6444	Fitted with a modern three piece suite comprising a bath tub with shower over and screen, wash basin and WC set in vanity with storage and complimentary tiling.
6445	Fitted with a three piece suite comprising a built in shower enclosure with tiled surrounds, WC set in vanity and wash hand basin set in vanity with complementary granite work surfaces over.
6446	Fitted with non-slip rubber feet.
6447	Fitted with white suite comprising panelled bath with telephone style taps with shower attachment, low level WC, radiator.
6448	Fittingly, Enterprise makes Nantes car hire quick and easy, by offering its entire fleet of modern, fuel-efficient vehicles via a single online booking platform.
6449	Fitting with a wooden 'T' handle this product is solid forged manufactured from one peice of steel.
6450	Fit waist size of 40cm (15.7 inches) to 125cm (49.2 inches).
6451	Fitzgerald Contractors Ltd is a civil engineering company offering design, construction and maintenance services relating to buildings and other structures.
6452	Five families worth more than poorest 20 per centThe five richest families in the UK are now wealthier than the bottom 20 per cent of the entire population, according to a briefing drawn up by Oxfam.
6453	Five Guys, Cafes & Takeaways, Bullring & Grand Central, Birmingham We use cookies to make sure you get the best experience on our website.
6454	Five lacy bookmarks that fit over the corner of a book made with size 10 Bedspread Weight Cotton Thread and using a size 6 (1.80 mm) steel crochet hook.
6455	Five per cent said they worked more than 64 hours a week.
6456	Five strategies for boosting your investor confidenceIt can be easy to lose confidence as an investor, particularly during uncertain times.
6457	Five thoughtful wedding favour ideasGet wedding tips, ideas and all our tools »
6458	Five years ago the duo undertook a similar challenge, travelling around the edge of the team's boundary - a distance of 112 miles.
6459	Five years of barrel bombs, mass executions and disappearances.
6460	'Five years on and great to be back.
6461	Five Year Triple Care, will come as standard on i40.
6462	Fixed assets are produced assets used in production for more than 1 year, such as buildings, machinery, transport equipment, or intellectual property such as software or the results of research and development (Eurostat, 2013).
6463	Fixed furniture is included in the listing unless stated otherwise.
6464	Fixed low rentals - to suit your budget.
6465	Fix-your-pix specialises in photographic scanning and digital restoration.
6466	Flagmakers are proud to be the leading supplier of Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express Flags for the IHG group.
6467	Flaminio is a welcoming, walkable neighbourhood with convenient options for cafes and restaurants.
6468	Flanked by Central park, Victoria Park and Devonport Park, there are acres of leisure space on the doorstep, with Plymouth Argyle Football Club and the Plymouth Life Centre, both considered to be within walking distance.
6469	Flanked by farmland, divided by a vast shrub-filled island bed, this garden is gorgeously informal.
6470	Flaring The variations that are being asked for will give Cuadrilla more flexibility and allow them to flare for longer than the original 90 days permitted.
6471	Flat pack assembly.
6472	Fleetwood Town loanee Elliot Osborne was also handed a rare start, playing behind lone striker Vadaine Oliver rather than as part of a midfield three as originally intended.
6473	Fleming 4' Topper - EquipmentJavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
6474	Flexibility is key, which is why our courses have been designed to fit into the lives of busy health and social care professionals, allowing them to study in manageable bite-sized chunks while working.
6475	Flexibility is one of the main attraction of homeworking.
6476	Flexible secretarial support is as and when you need it.
6477	Flocks of brent geese can be seen in good numbers here from October through to spring.
6478	Flood fund raising is continuing fund now stands at £33,000 – huge thank you to all who have donated.
6479	Floor Lamp Virginia for Outdoor - Floor lamps - Indoor lighting - lampandlight.
6480	Florists and nurseries are there with expert tips and advice, and they'll be creating huge flower towers, giving you the opportunity to vote for your favourite on social media throughout the week.
6481	Flo the cat, Cleo the dog and Eric the ferret are this week’s trio of pets at RSPCA Southridge looking for new owners in the Welwyn Hatfield Times Potters Bar Edition’s Find Me A Home appeal.
6482	Flow cookies: these cookies are used for communication between various internal Porsche servers.
6483	Flyers are able to claim flight delay compensation on their own, or they can use a claims service to handle the process for them, paying a percentage of the flight delay compensation they receive as a fee to the claims service.
6484	Fly posting can have a number of negative effects on the community.
6485	FMC may change this policy wording from time to time by updating this page.
6486	Focused on developing life skills, Inspira is a lead provider of youth work in Cumbria and provides information and guidance about careers, routes to employment and further education to young people and adults in Cumbria.
6487	Focus of the scheme, and the Trust more generally, is to assist young British composers who have yet to achieve a national reputation.
6488	Focus on technology to put itself at the forefront of both prepay and direct debit markets.
6489	Fold down the seats with the touch of a button to offer you a flat floor and unbeatable loading length.
6490	Fold the blueberries into the mixture, reserving a few for decoration.
6491	Folkestone Invicta enjoyed a positive start to 2015 with a 3-0 victory away to Sittingbourne on New Year’s Day.
6492	Folkestone slipped one place to 14 in the table at the weekend, while, after losing 3-2 at home to Surrey rivals Kingstonian, Leatherhead are currently three points lower with two points less than Invicta, and from one more game played.
6493	Folk music still plays a large part in life in Prague.
6494	Follow by using hairdryer to blowdry hair and then follow with stylers.
6495	Following a call at 3.30pm we made enq. as to whereabouts of a silver mini, last seen in Cardigan near the old Scout Hall.
6496	Following a demonstration you make your own arrangement, we have a theme every month from Spring baskets to Christmas displays.
6497	Following an independent examination and a positive referendum result, Wiltshire Council have decided to formally 'make' the Royal Wootton Bassett Neighbourhood Development Plan 2017-2026.
6498	Following an intensive three-month training period durign which I pretty much ate pizza and worried about my lack of preparation, I took to the sea, bike and running shoes for what was the most uncomfortable four hours of my life.
6499	Following a question, it was advised that the Board had not considered the impact of problem gambling on children.
6500	Following a significant investment in facilities at the Doubletree by Hilton in Lincoln, Karenza highlighted some of the new capabilities that the hotel and venue now boasts.
6501	Following assessment and/or intervention, if it is considered appropriate, you can be referred onto Secondary Services.
6502	Following a three-week break, the next battle for points will take place at the Lausitzring on September 14.
6503	Following his landmark exhibition The Institute of Cultural Anxiety - Works from the Collection at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London in 1994, Millar became Programme Organiser at The Photographers’ Gallery, London.
6504	Following months of support from Corrie Davies of the North Shropshire enablement team and the other members of the Gobowen Central team the project aims to inspire local interest in area specific heritage and history."
6505	Following Mott’s insight into protest photography, creative lead, Georgie McCarthy took the floor.
6506	“Following negotiations with specialist trained officers, he surrendered himself to police around 8.40pm.”
6507	Following neutron capture in boron an alfa-particle is release and the remaining lithium ion recoils in the opposite direction, the total path-length being in the order of a cell diameter.
6508	Following on from 94-year-old photographer Masterji’s first ever exhibition securing coverage across multiple national media, Coventry’s City of Culture 2021 bid has been showcased further in the name of Ira Aldridge.
6509	Following on from our Bucket List post explaining what our series would entail, we are back for Part One in our Bucket List Series.
6510	Following on from the recent success of the annual Lambeth Music Festival, Lambeth Music Service return to Southbank Centre to present a celebration of their unique whole class music teaching programme with their forthcoming Musitrax Festival.
6511	Following the Annual Canvass of Electors this was published on 1st December, 2017.
6512	Following the Budget statement, we publish an on-the-day briefing, highlighting the main announcements and their impact on local government.
6513	Following the event – which was attended by dozens of church goers and Labour Party members – Mr Reynolds said: "For many people in the Labour Party – as for many people in the Conservative Party – politics is a logical extension of their religion.
6514	Following the International Polar Year, Bravo was the rapporteur for the international report on the Canadian Arctic Research Initiative (2008) commissioned by the Council of Canadian Academies.
6515	Following the interview, you'll be expected to go to your local Jobcentre Plus office every two weeks to 'sign on'.
6516	Following the sale of our wealth management business to Cazenove Capital Management, we are continuing our focus on providing the highest standards of service in private banking, in line with our heritage as the UK’s oldest family-owned private bank.
6517	Following the success of Moira Buffini’s to Windsor last year, the Olivier Award winning play and West End smash hit, is heading to town.
6518	Following the success of the debut series last year, the show returns with more episodes and new hosts; Michelin-Award winning chef Glynn Purnell, and renowned Irish chef, cook and author Rachel Allen.
6519	Following the surgery, our client has been left with an ileostomy bag which he is required to empty 8 times a day.
6520	"Following this incident, we are reminding residents to make sure they position any bonfires or barbecues well away from outbuildings, trees and other property that could catch fire, and to ensure they are not left unattended.”
6521	Following this, the children can continue with their lessons (30 minutes) either as individuals or in shared classes.
6522	Following those cosy pictures.
6523	Following user feedback, version 2 of the calculator contains a simlified user interface and broader geographic aggregations.
6524	Follow lane opposite (‘Northcott Mouth 1.8 miles’, blue arrow/BA).
6525	Follow Marwell Wildlife on and Marwell Zoo on for all the latest.
6526	Follow path north for 1⅓ miles, past quarry heaps, then across Elton Park (occasional BLA) to road in Elton (085939).
6527	Follow road for 0.2m, leading onto Academy Street.
6528	Follow signs to the Car Rental Center.
6529	Follow the advice of the dentist with regards to you oral health care regime and the regularity with which you should return for future visits.
6530	Follow the clues given to you by elves to find Santa.
6531	Follow the links in this section to meet some of our employees and find out more about their journey to the 'National'.
6532	Follow the Red and White markings.
6533	Follow the road around turning right into Coombe Road where the property can be found a short distance along on the right.
6534	Follow the steep path at the side of the shelter which zig-zags up to a war memorial at the top of the neatly manicured woods that are also planted with flowering shrubs.
6535	Follow the wellie trail, try your hand at bug hunting and pond dipping, create some wellie and bug crafts, and test your strength with wellie wanging!
6536	Follow this for general news and updates about our work.
6537	Follow this road down the hill and then turn left into Maidenway Road.
6538	Follow this road up the hill to Oldroyd, turning right into Oldroyd Road, an un-made lane which leads up the the cottages.
6539	Follow your heart to the zoo this May Half Term for Love Your Zoo Week and fall in love with our beautiful animals!
6540	Food costs will vary depending on taste and dietary needs, but will account for a significant part of your budget.
6541	Foodies will adore it here.
6542	Food is only given to each client up to a maximum of three occasions therefore dependency should not be created.
6543	Food looked amazing although I haven’t had a chance to eat here yet.
6544	Foods containing strong colourings can also stain and discolour our tooth enamel.
6545	Food security is a major societal challenge.
6546	Football is one game that binds the nation.
6547	Footballs and cars for boys; dolls and books for girls.
6548	Footprinting covers a range of tools for assessing the impact of particular processes, businesses or operations, and is used to quantify that impact on a consistent basis.
6549	For £1,300, XYZprinting offers a printer that is slow, but can blow away fused filament printers in accuracy.
6550	For 2016, this national estimate is a simple average (mean) of the three measures, income, output and expenditure.
6551	For 2018/19 the first £2,000 you receive in dividends from investments is tax free.
6552	For £30, you can select a document from our list of interesting and varied items to adopt.
6553	For £3,450 he says he can create a trust which will protect my estate from care home costs being taken by the local authority.
6554	For a brief moment of heightened emotional intensity, Planet Boro was on the verge of civil war.
6555	For a car hire in Argentina, you need a valid driving licence from your own country.
6556	For a child, the world in many ways is still relatively unknown.
6557	For a company like ours it makes much more sense to outsource our non-core competences to specialists.”
6558	For a country of its size, Slovenia offers a remarkable variety of landscapes, from beaches along the west coast to the snow-capped mountains and vineyards, forests and sunflower fields in between.
6559	For a cyclist it is just wide enough to be a danger as the wheel d…
6560	For added ease of embarking and disembarking the scooter, the arm rests are able to be 'flipped up' and the seat can be swivelled to allow for easy access.
6561	For additional information, including pickup time and locations, please call the number on your e-ticket.
6562	For address and full details for Dulwich Picture Gallery click here.
6563	For a diagnosis to be made, it's essential for the child to have what is called a norm-referenced assessment of his or her motor ability, which may be carried out by an occupational therapist, physiotherapist or paediatrician.
6564	For a donor management system, this will depend on how well its particular features fit your needs.
6565	For adults and children, it’s fascinating to hear about how animals are re-housed in the New Forest Wildlife Park, in fact many of the animals are rescued from the wild and the trained keepers build trust with the animals while rehabilitating them.
6566	For advice about anti-social behaviour, visit: https://sussex.
6567	For advice on how the Autumn Budget announcements will affect you and your business contact us.
6568	For a few countries with strong political institutions, natural resources have been a boon.
6569	For a full role description and application details, please contact Ciara Hickey: Ciara.
6570	For agents, there are potentially some very interesting opportunities'
6571	For a holiday with a difference, the Edward Elgar, a 4* hotel boat, is perfect.
6572	For all cooked and uncooked food waste.
6573	For all large-than-life Tarek’s charisma, I can’t say I shared the enthusiasm for the original Oven.
6574	For all students aged 19+ fees will be £4670.
6575	For all their possession Folkestone desperately lacked the spark needed to break through this far from thin blue line as Jim Cooper’s side unashamedly put nine men behind the ball throughout the final stages.
6576	For all the participants in March, and for many in Bolton, Bradford, Ipswich, Merthyr Tydfil and Newcastle-under-Lyme, immigration was a topic that they considered frequently and discussed with their friends and acquaintances.
6577	For almost two years its journalists tried to reassure themselves as much as anyone else that Trump would ‘pivot’ – that is move away from the half-mad rhetoric of the campaign towards sensible policy positions.
6578	For Amazon-approved categories (e.g. clothing, jewellery, watches) you can only add new unlisted products using the inventory template - these approved categories will not show if you go to Manage Inventory > Add a Product.
6579	For a more detailed conversation please apply via the link provided with your CV attached.
6580	For a more intelligent heating control (and the ability to heat different rooms individually) take a look at the Honeywell Evohome.
6581	For a more thorough clean, simply fill a bucket with a large amount of warm water and add some concrete degreaser.
6582	For an authentic country appearance, this seasoned oak orangery is topped by a lantern surrounded by a brim of tiles in shades of warm terracotta that co-ordinate with the brickwork.
6583	For an independently monitored sale rate reflects whether vendors’ reserves are being met or rejected by consumers.
6584	For an informal chat about any of the following please get in touch.
6585	For an MoT test in Cambridge come to the Cambridge MoT Test Centre where we won''t be beaten on price.
6586	For a number of years, the Communicating Process Architecture (CPA) community have developed languages and runtimes supporting message passing concurrency.
6587	For any queries about our Tower Bridge Gym and spa, call 020 7378 7112.
6588	For any type of clinical or medical negligence contact our specialist medical negligence team and our panel of medical negligence solicitors will let you know if you have a claim, contact us today.
6589	For any visit which exceeds three months, complete the invitation form and send it to the visitor co-ordinator for review and approval from the Department’s Executive Committee.
6590	For a relaxed day trip Craigtoun Country Park is only 5 minutes from St Andrews, where you can revel in the beautiful, landscaped parkland plus have a shot in one of the pedalos.
6591	For a request to be valid under the Freedom of Information Act it must be in writing, but requesters do not have to mention the Act or direct their request to a designated member of staff.
6592	For a slightly more casual vibe, consider the Womenâ€™s Mustard Tie Sleeve Jumper, which features a relaxed, rounded neckline and tie detailing on the sleeves.
6593	For a start, it can’t be done on a room-by-room basis, so you’ll need pay for the whole house to be insulated in one go.
6594	For a start, the 1840s — the ‘Hungry Forties’ — was a period of famine.
6595	For a start, you do not need to be aiming only at somebody outside the UK or people outside the UK.
6596	For a suit (actually, he is in an expensive but open-neck blue shirt when we talk), he strikes me as a man of action.
6597	For a truly regal choice of wedding venue in Essex, is unrivalled.
6598	For better or for worse, technology is an inescapable presence in our lives.
6599	For bigger busts try the full-cup bra and enhance your silhouette.
6600	For block paving specialists in Westcliff-on-Sea, SS0 call 01277 841 728 or simply complete the contact form on the website for a fast, friendly response and affordable quotation.
6601	For broadband in the car devices are for you.
6602	For Campuslet, Canterbury Innovation Centre is purpose built for us with its ideal ideal location and added bonus of free parking.
6603	Forcing up “cheap” prices to give every product a 5 year warranty may well not be what a lot of people want, no more than choosing cheap clothes or cheap furniture.
6604	For clients with EU connections or trade links, how can you help limit their risks, how exposed is their business model, what other trade routes would be economically beneficial, do their forecasts need adjusting?
6605	For Clive, it is not a greater sophistication than lets Rollo take on this foreign culture but more a determination to what is necessary.
6606	For couples who love sampling mouthwatering, authentic Mediterranean and Italian food from pizzas, pastas and rich, succulent meat dishes, a table for two at Castello Restaurant in Radstock or Frome is the perfect idea.
6607	For Cuthbert, solitude and humility led to the discovery of God within.
6608	Ford also said it would be much bigger than the original, so pylon people like me would be able to drive it.
6609	Ford dealerships are certainly going to have a busy few months ahead…
6610	For decades now, schools, universities, TV nature documentaries - and even the Church - have propagated the myth that the “Theory of (Human) Evolution” is now an irrefutable, scientific fact.
6611	For deciding the type, you need to explore the features of the heaters by reading on the manuals, internet, asking from friends and colleagues about the features and the efficiency of different types of heaters.
6612	For details of where the ticket can be used for Elstree & Borehamwood please refer to the map provided.
6613	For details of where the ticket can be used for Sutton Coldfield please refer to the map provided.
6614	Forde, who was originally from the Philippines, trained runaway children as sex workers from her property in Salisbury, less than a mile from Heath’s house.
6615	Ford has an array of technologies available on its cars, which can help drivers to monitor the road ahead and detect potential hazards sooner.
6616	Ford's Transit Connect has been around for a few years now and it's maturing well.
6617	Ford’s turbocharged EcoBoost 1.5-litre petrol engines come with either120 PS or 150 PS and return 44.8 mpg, while the 182 PS all-wheel drive unit returns 37.7 mpg.
6618	For each verge, the Trust appoints a voluntary 'Wayside Warden' to help look after the biological interest in liaison with the Divisional Surveyors and landowners.
6619	"Forecast models indicate that above normal temperatures are likely to persist for the rest of May."
6620	For e-commerce businesses hacking is something that is high on their agenda with such businesses being prime targets for potential hackers.
6621	Foreign exchange reserves fell from $40 billion in 2011 to $12 billion today.
6622	Foreign representatives thereby help their governments to shape their foreign, commercial and military policies.
6623	For example, 3 minutes standard pace, 1 minute sprint, for 20 minutes.
6624	For example, a 1kW (kilowatt or 1000 watt) heater uses one unit of electricity per hour, whilst a 100-watt light bulb uses one unit of electricity every 10 hours.
6625	For example, a molecule called heme occurs in a key enzyme of the nitrogen cycle in bacteria (cytochrome nitrite reductase) that has been studied in Professor Ferguson’s laboratory for some years.
6626	For example, an appeal of a disciplinary action results in you being summoned to an employment tribunal.
6627	For example, asset and invoice finance has come a long way.
6628	For example, at the moment, alongside UK nationals, we have students from Germany, Cyprus, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam and China.
6629	For example, big data analytics can be used to monitor individual performance and help teachers deliver personalised learning in the most effective ways.
6630	For example, do you use machinery, deal with food or use hazardous materials?
6631	For example, free shipping on orders over $100 or Spend $50 and receive a free gift.
6632	For example, Hyundai manages department stores and hotels as well as manufacturing cars.
6633	For example, if you are travelling from Texas to Washington, and you see that prices for gas are different, you may well calculate what sum shall you need to get there.
6634	For example, if you have £7,000 of pension savings subject to the £10,000 limit, then £33,000 of the normal annual allowance will be available.
6635	For example, if you opt to have interest paid out to you monthly or annually the balance would remain the same.
6636	For example, if you own a retail unit and don’t have enough space for stock, or your warehouse’s shipping times are taking too long because of a poor layout, then a mezzanine floor can help to improve your operations by giving you more space to manoeuvre.
6637	For example if your are looking for Google Adwords Management then simply click on the PPC link in the menu.
6638	For example, if you request a prospectus about another school through our website, we will forward your request to that school.
6639	For example, if your Season Ticket renews on 01 January and you notify us on 01 January that you want to cancel your Season Ticket, your Season Ticket will terminate on 29 February.
6640	For example, in August 1917 the Bolsheviks joined with the Mensheviks and Socialist Revolutionaries who previously had been persecuting the Bolsheviks as German agents to stop General Kornilov’s attempted military coup.
6641	For example, in particularly dry conditions, some plants are great at raising humidity levels.
6642	For example, in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire, Karolina Hanusova created a fundraising page on JustGiving.
6643	For example, is it not working for larger pubcos but working for those that have fewer tenancies?
6644	For example, it may only need a phone call to one or other of the parties, to sort out any misunderstanding about whether the necessary final response letter has been issued within the eight weeks given to businesses to respond to a complaint.
6645	For example, keep track of the buffer manager stats so you can ensure a high buffer cache hit ratio at all times.
6646	For example, mailboxes on your server may have received new emails, or your websites may have new or changed files.
6647	For example, many G-Cloud suppliers move their services from draft to complete in the final few days of the application window.
6648	For example, no handbook will tell you the optimal speed or feed rate as materials differ in characteristics even when of an expected standard and drill tip wear or oil pressure can impact the effectiveness of the speeds and feeds selected.
6649	For example, on a clothing site you might have menus for “shoes”, “clothing” and “accessories”.
6650	For example, one belief of TA is that every one of us decides our own behaviour, thoughts, and feelings, and that we all ultimately define our own life course.
6651	For example, "personal data" is exempt from release under Freedom of information, but this is not necessarily the case in all instances – it depends on what information is being sought.
6652	For example some of our roles are based within our community teams, specialist units whilst others are office based providing support and coordination for policing operations and teams.
6653	For example, the ground beneath a Santa Cruz California home would average about 55 degrees Fahrenheit.
6654	For example, the technique can be applied to biological cells and droplets in suspension without affecting their viability.
6655	For example, they can help people to regain important tax allowances.
6656	For example, they skilfully pose questions to encourage children to solve problems.
6657	For example, think about using NHS 111 for advice as they can direct you to the appropriate service.
6658	For example toilets, kitchens, and bathrooms.
6659	For example, we have yet to recognise any long-term effects on human health and the environment of these products.
6660	For example, we might ask to see the repair estimate, which should show the extent of work that needed to be done.
6661	For example, what if two heterosexual white middle-aged barristers decided that it would be quite a nice idea if they both shared the job of being an MP while continuing their practice at the Bar?
6662	For example, where we no longer need to use it.
6663	For example, Yorkshire Building Society recently sold a product promising a 40% return.
6664	For example, you can use protective monitoring to detect and alert to malicious or abnormal behaviour, such as automated attempts to guess or brute-force account passwords.
6665	For example, you could set something to defrost for 10 minutes and then cook for a further 30 minutes.
6666	For example, you may wish to pay a member of staff for one normal week and, for the following period, one week holiday.
6667	For external cleans we specialise in pole fed, pure water cleaning using the latest van mounted technology to clean windows, conservatories, gutters, fascias, cladding, caravans and much more.
6668	For extra security, use two sets of hasps and staples and padlocks.
6669	For family-friendly fun in the Majorca, Protur Floriana Resort is the perfect choice.
6670	For French locales, payments to account are no longer recorded in the NF-525 tables as tickets, only purchases on account.
6671	For fridges which have reached the end of their working life, the first stage of the recycling process involves removing hazardous oils and refrigerants, as well as valuable compressors.
6672	For full details of cheque clearing times, including certainty of fate, please see the cheque clearing cycle.
6673	For further information contact the children with disabilities team on 01384 815813.
6674	For further information on the team or if you would like to discuss team sponsorship, please e-mail james.
6675	For further information or help in any of the areas discussed please contact the Ensors Forensic Accounting team.
6676	For further information please see the websites in related information.
6677	For further information, you can contact us by telephone or email - see 'Contact us' above.
6678	For further walking ideas and inspiration for a trip to the area browse the range of available on Walkhighlands.
6679	Forget ghosts and ghouls this Halloween; the thought of talking to your boss about what you want at work is enough to give anyone nightmares.
6680	Forget jogging in the park or swimming at your local pool, it is time to try something different to get you out of the house and getting some exercise.
6681	Forget the humble carbonara, get your rich garlic hit with a big bowl of this instead.
6682	Forgotten pensions may have been subject to charges and not invested in the best way in line with the policyholder’s requirements, subsequently making it worth less than it would have been if it was actively managed.
6683	For guidance on whether or not you can get legal aid can be found on the Gov.uk website: https://www.
6684	For Henley parish Margaret Twigg was elected as chairman, with Roy Eastwood as vice chairman.
6685	For her, wearing a butt plug teases sensitive nerve endings around the anus and makes her feel ultra-full during sex.
6686	For higher education students, the Student Award Agency for Scotland (SAAS) processes student loans.
6687	For high quality timber and building supplies throughout London, Hitchcock & King can help.
6688	For hobby racers it really is a struggle, it’s a great test for them and it’s a great experience.
6689	For homeowners looking for a modern feel to their home – the writing is on the wall, or at least the TV is in most cases.
6690	For, if Kingston Communications can do it, why can't they?
6691	For information about SPSO performance see the links below.
6692	For information on burials or interments in the former Paddington Cemetery in Willesden Lane you should contact London Borough of Brent which holds all the cemetery records.
6693	For information on how to improve the accessibility of the Internet Explorer browser, you can visit the Microsoft accessibility page.
6694	For information on the NPTS criteria and the core skills which children have to be confident in performing to pass each stage, please click here.
6695	For instance, a ‘Care Tent' was used in the city centre on certain nights in December to offer medical assistance to revellers.
6696	For instance, according to a recent survey, 58% of people ignore the most difficult spots when cleaning to save time.
6697	For instance, Pennsylvania constitutionally established an Environmental Rights Amendment in 1971, which traditionally has seen scant enforcement.
6698	For instance, the model did not include the impact on subsequent infant morbidity and quality of life or healthcare costs for children aged over 5 years.
6699	For instance, we don't allow keyword spamming, which is inappropriately using brand names or other words for the purpose of attracting buyers to a listing.
6700	For its more basic plans, however, you're better off with a cheaper network if you're on a budget.
6701	For it was nominated for three prestigious accolades at the annual awards ceremony run by the National Farm Attractions Network.
6702	For just £199 plus VAT you will have access to all three apps on a single user basis.
6703	For just £75 a year, you can continue to get access to our Development Zone and our range of Champions' nursery resources to use in your setting.
6704	For long-distance drivers, the extra power offered by the 118d and 120d models might appeal.
6705	For lovers of shoes or husbands Those Who Want to surprise Their partners, I can arrange you to visiting a showroom near the apartment Where You will Have An exclusive deal and Where You can spend a very nice time.
6706	For Lucy, that’s October through to late April.
6707	For many Grammys viewers, this 1986 performance will have been their first time hearing the unmistakeable and incomparable live vocals of Whitney Houston.
6708	For many of them English was not their first language so there always seemed to be a bit of challenge to understand what was being said.
6709	For many (ourselves included), there were two couples in particular that made a lasting impression.
6710	For many people, talking to someone can be the first step towards safety.
6711	"For many survivors, devastating injuries and the trauma of war changed their lives forever, while the nation as a whole grieved the vast loss of loved ones.
6712	For many, the Christian faith is still an influence, but the title ‘Christian’ won’t change us or change our world.
6713	For many women and girls, they will have no recollection of a time when women felt forced into performing dangerous backstreet abortions, or were hauled before the courts for something which mainstream society now considers fair healthcare.
6714	For many years he has been involved in executive roles, and consultancy and mentoring activities, assisting the senior management of a range of enterprises to move to the next stage of their growth.
6715	For many years she has been practicing as a specialist in dermatology.
6716	Formation of Steering Group with a Launch event in May 2016 which informed production of a Partnership Project Plan.
6717	‘For me and my co-artistic director James this is an opportunity to help music thrive, but for Hertford and Hertfordshire this could prove a major draw for cultural tourists.’
6718	"For me as well being more of a rear-court player, it is a challenge to switch between the two events.”
6719	For me I truly enjoyed the enveloping scent of the candle, as well as the anticipation of revealing the free jewelry surprise inside.
6720	For me, it’s the next race, Hungary, and believe it or not, the halfway point of the season.
6721	Former chancellor George Osborne went so far as to say he wanted May “chopped up in bags in my freezer”.
6722	Former Fleet Street editor Peter Preston has died, aged 79. MICHAEL WHITE pays tribute to an ex-colleague and pro-European ‘ultra’
6723	Former Ipswich Town defender Steven Taylor played a true sweeper role on Tuesday night as he helped ensure Peterborough’s game with Walsall reached a conclusion despite heavy snow.
6724	Former leader, Crossland, below, appeared, but kept his distance from fellow fascists.
6725	Former manager Lee Clark sent the summer signing on loan to Bradford in August but he returned in January with Ryan Lowe in charge.
6726	Former Newcastle left-back Celestine Babayaro says Newcastle must ‘do everything possible’ to keep Rafa Benitez this summer.
6727	Former Northern Ireland defender, 'Peter Kennedy' has paid his tributes to his late Watford boss, Graham Taylor.
6728	Former Notts midfielder Joss Labadie is sidelined for the Exiles, as is Calaum Jahraldo-Martin.
6729	Former Scottish international tennis player and national coach, Judy Murray, is coming to the York Festival of Ideas to talk about her new book Knowing the Score: My Family and Our Tennis Story.
6730	Former warehouse supervisor Paul Burness from Broughty Ferry says the jobs on offer just don't pay.
6731	Former Yorkshire champion Ben Hutchinson (Howley Hall), Wike Ridge’s Ben Firth and Callum Macfie, of Lindrick, all enjoyed perfect returns of two points apiece.
6732	For me this is one of the most important points.
6733	For miles, stretching southbound from Junction 13 in Gloucestershire to Junction 23 at Bridgwater, there are delays of up to three hours as the volume of vehicles has proved too much for the motorway to handle.
6734	For more advice on reducing stress, you can always speak with your vet and they should be able to advise on how best to keep your pet safe and calm.
6735	For more ideas click here.
6736	For more information about our wide range of windows and doors, get in touch today.
6737	For more information about protecting your business from online scams, visit Cyber Security: Has It Clicked?
6738	For more information and to buy tickets go to www.quaysudbury.com or call the Quay on 01787 374745.
6739	For more information call 0118 974 6890 or email This email address is being protected from spambots.
6740	For more information, go to auctionhouse.
6741	For more information, go to thepankhurstcentre.
6742	For more information, including fees and to make an enquiry please visit our new website dedicated to celebration ceremonies.
6743	For more information on how to apply for any of our Professional Cookery courses, please contact the college on 01397 874246.
6744	For more information on Lucy Pittaway's work and wider collection, go to or visit the Lucy Pittaway Art Gallery in Brompton-on-Swale, Richmond, North Yorkshire, DL10 7SN.
6745	For more information on Orchard Gardens care home, contact 0845 140 2020.
6746	For more information on the charity’s work, visit the group's Facebook page.
6747	For more information on the exchange rate conversation, please refer to the terms and condition of debit card at (http://www.
6748	For more information on the scheme itself, to read about adaptations, PIP and to download our Motability guide, from the buttons below.
6749	For more information on these changes please visit the link below or contact us.
6750	For more information on Which?
6751	For more information pick up a copy of their Open Doors magazine in school or college or visit the website.
6752	For more information please contact Anne Gardner-Thorpe on 01749 335014.
6753	For more information please or call 0116 287 7692.
6754	For more information, please visit the Contact website.
6755	For more information, see our conflicts of interest guidancescheme management skills guide.
6756	For more information visit www.lmp.org.
6757	For more tips and useful information, browse our money articles.
6758	For more updates on Rush Birmingham’s grand opening follow us on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram.
6759	For most agencies, that’s simply not the case, as we price projects accurately based on the deliverables and outcomes rather than to a pre-defined cost.
6760	For most of my life, I have been conscious of our common humanity: an injury to one is an injury to all.
6761	For most of the area, the quality of life for people with long term health conditions is worse than the average across England.
6762	For most people considering divorce in England and Wales the question of where to issue the divorce proceedings is straight forward.
6763	For most pupils their friends at school do matter.
6764	FORMOTION is three dimensionally engineered to move naturally with the athlete's body during sport.
6765	Forms – we ask for information from you regarding a booking when you fill in a form on our website including information necessary to fulfill special requests.
6766	Formula 1 legend Michael Schumacher hit his head while skiing in the French Alps resort of Meribel on December 29 2013.
6767	For nature lovers The Cotswolds provide various walks and cycling routes set within the greenery and natural surroundings of the rolling hills, with a variety of wildlife, small historic towns and honey-coloured villages along the way.
6768	For now though, let’s leave those challenges to one side and let’s be proud of what we as a county have achieved and what we can achieve when we work together.
6769	For older generations of activists, essentially for the working class, this has meant breaking with right wing social democracy and has been expressed by a rise of left reformist formations.
6770	For one, the Heriot-Watt course material is used and often co-written by faculty from the overseas campuses, where lecturers then tailor presentations to the local student base.
6771	For other queries, please use the form below.
6772	For others it may remind them of their own May Weeks, when exams had finished and there was the opportunity to experience 'Cambridge' activities!
6773	For others, it might take longer.
6774	For our notional £7500 budget, you’ll get a 2009 model although there are high mileage 2011 cars in that price bracket.
6775	For outdoor activities there is Picknall Brook Nature Reserve, offering nature and woodland trails leading to the River Dove.
6776	For over a century and a quarter, the name of Coulson has become synonymous with quality building work.
6777	For pay as you go costs, please see our pay as you go price guide.
6778	For pruning larger trees, it’s advisable to use a certified tree surgeon to make sure the job is done effectively and safely, without damaging the tree.
6779	For Quakers, spirituality takes many forms, and we accept that life is a spiritual journey.
6780	Forres Harriers successfully bid for a grant of £3,000 from the Berry Burn Community Fund to pay for the infrastructure of the British Masters Cross Country Championships in Forres on March 17.
6781	For sale by the modern method of auction with a starting bid of £85,000.
6782	For shorter turns at slower speeds it feels harder work with the wide platform and powerful construction making it tougher to be agile and quick on your feet.
6783	For single people, Guarantee Credit tops up your weekly income if it’s below £163.00 For couples, this applies if your weekly income is below £248.
6784	For sliding rack systems, attach 'S' hooks, not stretchers and strainers to framed paintings.
6785	For slimmers and dieters who may be sensitive to overheating, it is recommended that you begin with a safe and reliable product with less extreme heat-inducing properties.
6786	For smaller developments the policy requires connection to a district heat network if there is one available, subject to it being practical and viable.
6787	For smaller groups or individuals, why not look at our Dine & View package which offers an inclusive hospitality package in a shared facility, or visit our for further options of Dining and standard raceday packages.
6788	For small projects, written detail can be given in a simplified format.
6789	For some of our services, we need to collect personal data so that we can get in touch, or provide the service.
6790	For some people, creams can reduce the visibility of a tattoo.
6791	For some people, there were no care plans at all and there was confusion from staff about what people’s needs were and how they should be met.
6792	For something a little more unique, shopping sites like eBay and Gumtree etc are a great way to find a bargain that perhaps needs a little TLC.
6793	For Stevenage, things seem to be coming together.
6794	For support in completing the application form, please email gina.
6795	For support staff only, if school's capability policy is for teachers only and does not include support staff.
6796	Forte Homes - estate agency in london dealing with residential and commercial property for sale and rent, commercial lettings, auctions, property management, building & maintenance & mortgages.
6797	For that, I say thank you to everyone in Yorkshire who has made this Grand Départ so very, very special.’
6798	For the £1,000 grant category, 20 entries which receive the highest number of votes during the Voting Period, shall be deemed the finalists.
6799	For the 18-34 group, this increases to almost half at 44%.
6800	For the 2018/2019 tax year the limit is £20,000.
6801	For the 3rd year running, TaxationWeb.
6802	For the best views of this unique town, and cross the imposing stone viaduct.
6803	For the Enduro, Desert, S12XC and M12XC ranges the size designation is based on the width of the tyre measured at tread level.
6804	For the English competition, entrants were asked to analyse new works from poetry or theatre to films and TV programmes, while the Linguistics award set students the task of exploring a language they use to communicate - interpreted in its widest sense.
6805	For the espresso and candied walnut cream, heat 50g of the sugar in a pan with 2 tbsp water.
6806	For the first eight years of the Duck I was working 120 hours a week and I never had the 3:30-blues like I did sitting at a desk.
6807	For the first time on record, Cambridge accepted more black men than Etonians into undergraduate courses: 22 and 21 respectively.
6808	For the first time our survey also revealed the percentage of people anxious about the prices of holidays, with the figure standing at four in ten (39%).
6809	For the first time since being a qualified driving instructor I read earlier this year from the Chief Driving Examiner of the DVSA Lesley Young who conceded that the driving test does in fact affect the quality of driving training.
6810	For the full Apprenticeship, candidates will complete: BIIAB Level 2 Diploma in Team Leading, Employment Rights and Responsibilities (ERR) and Functional Skills in Maths, English and Information and Communications Technology.
6811	For the Great War the names appearing on the above memorials are identical except that Nash Mill seems to missing an additional panel of 17 names.
6812	For the last 10 years Mr Oppenheimer has been relating his story to schools.
6813	For the optional placement unit, or sandwich year you will be expected to meet the cost of travel.
6814	For the overwhelming majority of voters a combination of other issues such as the Iraq war, the terrorist threat, and the state of the economy were more salient’.
6815	For the past two years, the 100 small businesses have also attended a reception in Downing Street with the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
6816	For the purpose of UK data protection law, the data controller is Options Property Management & Lettings Ltd.
6817	For the purposes of residence, this includes the whole of the island of Cyprus.
6818	For the second race of the day we had lost Peter R, but gained Curtis (fresh from a bit of mast bending with Roland).
6819	For the second time in recent weeks I was honoured to be at a league clubs big switch on of brand new floodlights.
6820	For this project Angus will assess the costs and benefits of EU membership for UK’s financial services.
6821	For this reason, many boaters buy through a broker, although this is not a guarantee in itself that things are problem free.
6822	For this river cruise, I think the air fares they arranged far exceeded my upcoming trip with Smithsonian, same business class.
6823	For this two double bedroom end of terrace in Tredegar.
6824	For those disappointed they couldn't complete the race in Reading, there are still options to get involved, as there are half marathons happening across the country.
6825	For those energetic souls, or those who love a casual stroll, this provides for some very scenic bush walking.
6826	For those living in North West Leicestershire the likelihood is they know how to recycle and know what goes in their red boxes, blue and yellow bags, but they might not know what happens to it once it is collected.
6827	For those looking for a role in publishing which would use technical skills (e.g. Illustration or Software Development), then other technical courses would be more appropriate.
6828	For those of us less energetic York and Harrogate are a short drive away for shopping or visiting places of interest, as well as the World Heritage Site of Fountains Abbey being a 10 minute drive.
6829	For those times when you might like to be more sociable and meet up with others, we also have a coffee morning every Wednesday.
6830	For those travelling by rail Hastings offers excellent links to the rest of the country whereas Battle Station is only a 5 minute taxi ride away.
6831	For those with money, the doctor would operate in your own home usually on the kitchen table.
6832	Forth really helped me understand issues that I was having, which in the end turned out to be problems with iron absorption.
6833	Fortnum's have a royal warrant so where better to go for your celebratory tea and scones, sandwiches and champagne?
6834	For toilets, this means no sanitary towels or nappies – put them in the bin instead.
6835	For TOYOTA GAZOO Racing, 2017 had it all, euphoric victories, epic battles, painful defeats and valuable lessons.
6836	For true decadence enjoy a glass of Taittinger Champagne with your Classic afternoon tea experience.
6837	Fortunately Head of Science was so far ahead it remained un-photographed!
6838	Fortunately it lifted in time for the finals to take place but with more fog forecast it was a race to get everyone to the start line and away on time.
6839	Fortunately, it’s a much easier journey back to our Middlesbrough Hotel located just 3.8 miles from the museum.
6840	Fort William were the only side from outwith shinty’s top flight to reach the quarter-finals but they went down 5-0 to a slick Caberfeidh side in their 3pm throw-up at An Aird.
6841	For two weeks, I could hardly move.
6842	Forty nine charities are set to benefit from the adrenaline event.
6843	For ultra-high net worth individuals, setting up a dedicated family office may be tempting, but it is not an easy undertaking.
6844	Forum members are available for general talks and guided tours, although each has their own specialisms.
6845	For us, the main event here is the data and the virtual tour is simply the mechanism to capture this data" he says.
6846	For us TOWIE fans, life with the Essex crew looks like a barrel of laughs, fake tan and a ‘coupla arguments here and there.
6847	• For warm situations, Phalaenopsis are rightfully popular and such a range is available in a wide variety of colours.
6848	For Weatherford, the addition of the ESP enhances the Company's portfolio of products and services for all forms of artificial lift, and will further bolster its global leadership in production systems.
6849	For written assignments you will receive constructive and timely feedback through the ‘Feedback Studio’ provided by Turnitin.
6850	For young people aged 18 and under you are entitled to special measures in court.
6851	For your inbound marketing efforts to be a success.
6852	For your own security and privacy, we advise you not to use library computers to broadcast personal details, including online financial transactions.
6853	Fosc House (2009), also in San Pedro, is even more startling, with an angular plan and stained-concrete facçades.
6854	Foster carers provide invaluable support and guidance to some of our most vulnerable children.
6855	Foster care transforms lives.
6856	Founded by Darren O’Brien, we run a close-knit family operation, in partnership with a wealth of skilled contacts in the electrics trade.
6857	Founded by travel enthusiasts in 2009, Evaneos is the first website to directly connect travellers with local travel agencies around the world.
6858	Founded in 1948 by the legendary Ferruccio Lamborghini, Lamborghini Trattori used discarded war materials to produce its first tractors.
6859	Founded in 1951 by Erwin Berheim, the Mondaine brand is now managed by his sons Ronnie and Andre Bernheim.
6860	Founded in 2006, Natural Retreats is a leisure and travel firm which provides luxury holiday experiences in coastal, countryside and wilderness locations around England, Scotland, Wales and the US.
6861	Founded in 2008, the business is based in Norwich but with installation teams across Norfolk, the company covers the whole of East Anglia.
6862	Founded in Hackney in London's east end in 1919, Tesco has grown to be one of the UK's leading supermarket chains.
6863	Found something that you think should make it on to the On to a Good Thing round-up?
6864	Found the Trevi fountain which I wanted my grandaughter to see since her dad was there in 1984.
6865	Four bedroom link detached home located on the City Wharf development with superb views over Coventry canal, available from September 2018.
6866	"Four Eileen," he smirked as he confessed to his crimes.
6867	Four gunslingers, led by Roland of Gilead, are also coming their way.
6868	Four internationally recognised academics will share their insights on the current equality and diversity landscape.
6869	Four minutes later, another kick, this time from Tim Visser, caused chaos in the home defence, but his Scotland team-mate Maitland was on hand to clean up for the north Londoners.
6870	Four suspects were prosecuted for fraud and associated money laundering.
6871	Four-times BBC Radio 2 Folk Award nominated are taking the folk scene by storm with their incendiary performances of traditional English folk music.
6872	Four unidentified bodies were also recovered and can be associated with the members of this crew.
6873	Four weeks later, he progressed to Pattern company and won the Group 3 Railway Stakes by a cosy length over Danyross.
6874	Four-wheel drive is optional – but that will lower the car’s fuel economy – and the diesel model is more refined than the petrol on a long drive.
6875	“Four years ago we would have been massive underdogs for a game like this but now we aren’t.”
6876	Fox looks nervous, sitting with his head bowed.
6877	FPSL has also responded to PSR Consultation Paper – A new regulatory framework for payment systems in the UK (CP14/1).
6878	Fractured ribs are very severe injuries, as the ribs are intended to protect the vital organs.
6879	Frances came to Oxford in 1982 to work in the Department of Physiology, where she began to study how a rise in the blood glucose concentration stimulates the release of insulin from the pancreatic beta-cells.
6880	Frances O’Grady is to due to address the Northern TUC’s annual conference in Newcastle on Saturday.
6881	François Hollande, current president of the Republic, sat pillion to trysts with his mistress in the flat of a moll of a Corsican gangster killed in a shoot-out on the island last year.
6882	Frank Harvey, Head of NAB commented “To have bodyshop businesses of this calibre re-affirming their support for NAB is a real boost and a clear signal to the industry that we mean business.
6883	Fraud is the use of deception with the intention of making personal gains, avoiding an obligation or causing loss to another party.
6884	Fraudulent Right to Buy applications have been stopped by the team.
6885	Frederick Saunders, of Oak Tree Farm, Ashton Road, pleaded guilty to breaching the animal welfare act when he appeared at Cheltenham Magistrates Court on Monday, May 21.
6886	Free article: Executive coach and BACP Coaching Executive member Michèle Down describes her own journey into coaching.
6887	Free gifts and discounts: Many broadband deals include free shopping vouchers, cashback and discounted pricing for a set period.
6888	Freeing yourself of stress and unnecessary worry will do wonders for any lines you’re starting to see appear on your face.
6889	Free knowledge makes uppity oiks.
6890	Freelance artist and dress designer, specialising in working with eco and natural materials.
6891	Freeland Rees Roberts have won a David Urwin commendation for their design of the Public Conveniences, Recycling Facilities and Office in Chesterton Road Cambridge.
6892	Free legal advice to and landlords.
6893	Free movement would undoubtedly be on the table for discussion, and it is possible that the UK might agree to continue to allow free movement in return for access to the by joining the European Economic Area (EEA).
6894	Free parking is available at the Thicket Road and Anerley Hill and Crystal Palace Park Road entrances to the park.
6895	Freerein Toffee loves the camera!
6896	Free run and lightly pressed juice was cold settled for 48-72 hours, then racked and inoculated with yeast.
6897	Free sessions for 15-25 year olds, whether able-bodied, Deaf or disabled.
6898	Freesia, rosemary and eucalyptus give this gift a wonderful scent.
6899	Free travel with a Freedom Pass - Transport for LondonWe use cookies on the TfL website to make it easy to use.
6900	Free vaccinations were offered to all unpaid carers, as well as others who were eligible due to their age or medical condition.
6901	Freight container examination.
6902	French Duncan was very supportive and my manager acted as my mentor.
6903	Frequent use of cannabis is more than twice as likely among young people.
6904	Fresh chillies literally seem to add freshness to a dish.
6905	Fresh East Coast agreement with Virgin and Stagecoach would be ‘real scandal’
6906	Fresh flowers and a cosy log fire, large TV, games and books are all available in the guest sitting room.
6907	Fresh ideas and fresh ingredients are the order of the day at the restaurant, which overlooks the gardens and the farmland beyond.
6908	Fresh water was also available.
6909	Friday 19 February would be a good time if you're able to come to Cambridge as we're holding a meeting for prospective students for an hour that day.
6910	Friday 20 April 2018 - 11:00am - 2:00pm, No charge, access through referral.
6911	Friday 6 October marked Active Girls Day where schools, clubs and community sport hubs celebrated the efforts going into girls’ sport.
6912	Friday - I responded to constituent emails and read over paperwork in advance of next week’s Select Committee meeting and debate on Personal Independence Payments (PIP).
6913	Friday morning kicked off with our lovely festival ambassador enthusing about Museums at Night on the Radio 5 Live breakfast show.
6914	"Friday will be fine and dry for practice with light winds and afternoon temperatures reaching 19°C.
6915	Friend, but it is just a matter of time—the Member for Walsall North (Eddie Hughes).
6916	Friend feels that the mechanisms do not work, but has set up a working party to ensure that that ambition can be taken forward.
6917	Friendly, pleasant, knowlegeable and very helpful.
6918	Friend makes a powerful point, with which I agree.
6919	Friend makes a very important and interesting point.
6920	Friends of the Lake District and the Cumbria branch of the Country Land and Business Association (CLA) have set out their stall appealing to all political parties to unite in developing a healthier landscape for the county.
6921	Friends reunion: how TV's favourite six pals got togetherIt's coming back next month, but how did it all start?
6922	Friend the Member for East Ham (Stephen Timms) has said, we will be tabling amendments to address those concerns.
6923	Friend the Member for Hendon (Dr Offord) on securing this debate.
6924	Friend the Member for Leigh (Jo Platt), there have been reports today that the Government are considering shelving the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill and incorporating elements of it in a withdrawal and implementation Bill.
6925	Friend the Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts), the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee, and we know from his subsequent contributions that the Select Committee continues to have those concerns.
6926	Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland has regular discussions with colleagues on a range of issues, including the renewable energy sector in Scotland.
6927	From 14.8% at the end of January to a current score of 30.3%, it’s clear that the campaign is proving memorable among those that Guinness wish it to.
6928	From 1825 onwards, Henslow was studying the nature of species.
6929	From 1833 Monserrat was joined together with several British colonies to create the Leeward Islands.
6930	From 1852 he took up portrait photography.
6931	From 1862, when the first official match was played in Cape Town; to 1994, when South Africa became a rainbow nation; to now, SA society, and the country’s landscape have changed.
6932	From 1873, the bogie principle was applied to passenger and goods vehicles also.
6933	From 1948, St Paul's provided care for the elderly.
6934	From 1999 until 2010 he was chairman of the Ministers advisory group for the Miners COPD scheme.
6935	From 1 August 2014 the following changes have been applied in SOLAR -
6936	From 1 November 2009, businesses providing payment services have also had to comply with rules on how they deal with customer complaints relating to payment services.
6937	From 2pm on Friday 2 March, we will only be dealing with emergency enquiries and income enquiries.
6938	From 6 April 2016, individuals are no longer able to contract out of the additional State Pension (also known as second State Pension or SERPs).
6939	From 6 April 2017 landlords of residential property are required to restrict tax relief on finance costs such that full higher rate tax relief will no longer be available.
6940	From a design point of view a pitched roof is almost always going to look better, and offer a better return on your investment.
6941	From affordable high-performance laptops to state-of-the-art desktops enhanced to the highest possible tech specs, there’s a computer fit for everyone’s needs with Dell.
6942	From a Motorbike to a Artic UCS have the solution.
6943	FROM AN ESTATE agency to mortgage advice and removals, Leeds-based Manning Stainton is a one-stop shop when it comes to moving house.
6944	From April 2013, Council Tax Benefit has been abolished and replaced in Scotland by a Council Tax Reduction scheme.
6945	From arriving at the legoland car park it took us two hours to get on the first ride.
6946	From a suburban landscape to an urban jungle, F-PACE is comfortable wherever the brief takes us.
6947	From A&S we would like to pay tribute to this serie remembering some of the.
6948	From Bangor on the mainland you head south-east deep into Snowdonia National Park.
6949	From black tie to smart casual, we've got the lowdown on what you should wear to a wedding depending on what it says in the invitation.
6950	From Bradleys Looe Office head out of the town towards Plymouth, turning right into St Martins Road.
6951	From brands’ point of view, this means targeting needs to be as good as possible, as the opportunity to appeal to these people is reduced to only where they are visible.”
6952	From Buy to let mortgage products, to residential, to re-mortgages and equity release.
6953	From changing a plug to complete re-wiring, from replacing your consumer unit to new installations, from PAT testing your equipment to fixing a fault at your office or commercial site, no job is too big or too small.
6954	From Cornwall's ancient past and stunning natural beauty, to new and innovative fun experiences.
6955	From creating sketches for advertising to organising the layout of a website, art direction is a matter of arranging content effectively and not just a matter of putting together something that looks good.
6956	From creative club nights, skill sharing and speed mate-ing sessions, to exhibitions, live art, online projects, zines and rapid responses, their work encourages creativity, collaboration, confidence and community.
6957	From day one against Australia, Ireland's World Cup dream has threatened to descend into a nightmare but that eventually became a reality on Thursday night as France dumped the hosts out of the tournament in utterly convincing fashion.
6958	From day one JLL give you exciting projects and jobs to do which are no different from what the rest of your department do – this really makes you feel part of the team.
6959	From day-to-day-care, to practical information, to campaigning for a fairer world for people with hearing loss, and funding research to find a cure, we’re taking action on hearing loss.
6960	From design through manufacturing to installation in Sutton, all our products, including our range of white roller blinds, have proven durability, both in quality and style.
6961	From design to completion the entire work force made my wife and I feel comfortable and at ease.
6962	From early on, we saw the importance of having a presence throughout the United Kingdom.
6963	From evening classes to film screenings, to our monthly Friday Lates – a night at the Museum can take you anywhere.
6964	From Exhibition Setup, allowing bookings by Stand Number, Space or Location, to Rate Schedule, Additional Costs, Delegates, Seats, Tables and ultimately to Catalogues, Exhibition Manager offers you an user friendly system.
6965	From family favourites and traditional takeaway treats to exciting cuisine from far-flung provinces of China, you can order a vast choice of fantastic, fresh and fragrant, authentic Asian cuisine for delivery to be enjoyed at home.
6966	From first dates to throwing away old shoes, from missing your garden to walking in the woods as a child, Emma creates pieces with a strong individual design using a love of life's little quirks.
6967	From foodies to barbecue chefs, nature lovers or people with a taste for the finer things in life - our wide selection of present ideas reflects the varied spectrum of male tastes.
6968	From Henry Norris, Farnham Union ( April, 1909) and William Randall, Hursley ( June, 1905) via Dr George Gardiner, this has a touch of Music Hall about it.
6969	From here Sir Peter then joined the Civil Service, initially in the Central Office of Information, before later moving into the Treasury, where he stayed for nearly 30 years.
6970	From here, the puzzle solves in straightforward fashion.
6971	From industrial sites where manufacturing takes place to infrastructure that gets the product from A to B, the important contribution that civil engineers make was made clear in an informative and entertaining way.
6972	From IT, he went into computer auditing and soon found himself being made the bank’s Head of Internal Audit.
6973	From Johnstone National Route 75 again exists in its own right, heading for Port Glasgow and Greenock.
6974	From KPMG’s recent Global Automotive Executive Survey, 83% of people anticipate a major business model disruption over the next five years – and we couldn’t agree more!
6975	From left, Amber Rose wears dress, Mulberry, matching hat on lap, to order, Noel Stewart for Mulberry.
6976	From Lewisham Station you can catch the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) which runs directly to Canary Wharf/Bank or take the National Rail to London Cannon Street, London Victoria or London Charing Cross.
6977	From Lynmouth the beautiful river walk to Watersmeet is an absolute must for our guests.
6978	From M4: Leave M4 at junction 3 and at the roundabout take A312 towards Hounslow.
6979	From mammals to minerals, they introduce visitors to different aspects of the Museum's collection.
6980	From Marlow and Nettlebed, cross two mini-roundabouts on entering the town, then follow the one-way system to reach the traffic lights by the bridge.
6981	From meeting you in person to go over the day to the food and wine tasting, all of it was fun and thoughtful.
6982	From modern plastic moulded systems to cast iron, pressed and formed steel gutters as well as smaller conservatory and greenhouse ducting can be cleared.
6983	From Monday, February 12, Wrexham Council’s Highways Team will carry out resurfacing work on the roundabout joining Chester Road, Price’s Lane, Rhosnesni Lane and Cilcen Grove.
6984	From now on, all organisations need to do is to specify which contracts they are interested in and details will be emailed free of charge.
6985	From October 2015 it is DWP’s intention to begin selecting existing DLA claimants and letting them know the process for claiming PIP.
6986	From our central North West location, we are now able to offer the finest quality drinking water currently available to the UK domestic market.
6987	From our experience, both as women and as consultants, we find that men don’t enjoy shopping that much, they want to find the item they need, buy it and go home.
6988	From our initial contact with Jess, over a year ago, up to and including the day itself, it had been a completely smooth and stress-free time.
6989	From our interactive studios we film and produce a wide variety of programmes, spanning from informative documentaries to general entertainment, and much more.
6990	From our office in Henley continue up Hart Street to the central traffic lights and continue over into Market place.
6991	From our own experience if a tenancy is going to go wrong, it's likely to do so in the first three to six months so this makes sense.
6992	From persuasive public health campaigns to bright designs that help patients get better more quickly, we explore the powerful posters and projects in the Wellcome Collection’s new exhibition.
6993	From physical disabilities to chronic fatigue or personality issues, sufferers of acquired brain injury are often misunderstood, misrepresented and even abused.
6994	From property site brand concepts and promotional sales tools, through to detailed technical specifications and site signage, Fred understands how to make property marketing sell.
6995	From research conducted, I understand that Mr Andrews worked in the town during the 1970's up until around 1989/1990, when he moved from the town to start another business.
6996	From Rochdale and Rotherham and Oxford, we’re now reading grim news of horrendous sexual abuse in Telford, Shropshire.
6997	From Scilly you can turn right up the Irish Sea.
6998	From Shirebrook Station the route is first traffic-free, then traffic-free alongside the B6031, then traffic-free before travelling along Burns Lane and Broomhill Lane.
6999	From showroom to your home in Wandsworth, all our products, including our range of waterproof blinds for bathrooms, are highly effective and easy to maintain.
7000	From small static sites to corporate intranets, to social networks, to e-commerce, Dynamic50 can provide you with the tools you need to make your business succeed on the internet We use Ruby on Rails as our technology of choice.
7001	From small vans to full artic loads.
7002	From Solihull to Surrey, the Dementia Family Days offer award winning training to families in local areas.
7003	From start to finish our experience has been everything we hoped it would be.
7004	From St. Petersburg we took the overnight train to Moscow and made friends with the two ladies in our compartment despite the language barrier.
7005	From Sunderland head northbound on A1018 (Newcastle Road).
7006	From that distance it looked like a life jacket.
7007	From the 1905 Revolution the official women’s movement in Russia was founded.
7008	From the 1st of August 2004, the UK Copyright Service is to allow existing clients to lodge updates to existing registrations at a reduced rate.
7009	From the 305 eligible applications, 140 projects were successful and will collectively receive a total of £17.5 million through the Catalyst Evolve programme.
7010	From the accounts you've linked to, can you tell me where that figure is?
7011	From the amazing sculpture garden by artist Owner Gemma to a bedroom with impressively well-stocked bookshelves, the cabin is perfectly geared around relaxation.
7012	From the bus stop at the entrance to Westonbirt it's a half-mile walk up the drive to the Welcome Building.
7013	“From the clarity and new conviction following the review our business has already grown, and I know that this is just scraping the surface.”
7014	From the first enquiry to arriving all went smoothly & Keith was very helpful.
7015	From the get-ready to the achey morning after, allow us to run through the definite list of events that take place on your hen night.
7016	From the initial construction, through to the on-going operation and maintenance of your assets, we can help you identify, assess and manage risks associated with the cost, performance, safety and scheduling of your project.
7017	From their warehouse in Essex, they provide a reliable UK wide delivery service.
7018	From the kitchen of our flat, we can see the ribbon of new high-rises that have sprung up over the past 10 years along the south bank of the Thames.
7019	From the level of service and attention we have received in the planning, I just know we are going to have a fabulous wedding day at Ye Olde Bell.
7020	From the list of options, select Erase all content and settings and confirm your choice.
7021	From the moment we had our very first show round, Hayley our wedding co-ordinator and later James were fantastic.
7022	From the moment you order to being fitted in Banstead, all our products, including our range of ready made venetian blinds, are highly effective and easy to maintain.
7023	From the moment you step into the grand surroundings of the contemporary lobby at Baia Lara Hotel, you know you're in for a treat.
7024	From the office proceed along Mannamead Road.
7025	From the OII Marcelo decided to venture slightly more afar, taking up an academic position (and a populous family) in Hong Kong.
7026	From the ONS figures we can see that, compared to five years ago, the numbers of people on temporary contracts in professional or associate professional roles have risen slightly.
7027	From the outset where there were various amazing tasters at our consultation meeting through to the actual wedding cake itself, the serv.
7028	From there, we were pleased to see the take-up of the Scheme and we very much support our supply chain partners through the registration process.
7029	From the same company that can deliver full recipes to your door, the Hello Fresh app doesn’t require a subscription to their delivery service.
7030	From the sitting area beside the river you can watch the Birds at low water feeding on the mud, or the skeins of geese flying overhead.
7031	From the sitting room the staircase rises to the landing with doors to 3 bedrooms, two having fitted wardrobe cupboards and one also with drawers, shelving and desk.
7032	From the terrace of their first self-build, this Lewisham couple spied the perfect spot for their next project - just down the road.
7033	From the time of St Augustine's mission to re-establish Christianity in AD 597 monasticism formed an important facet of both religious and secular life in the British Isles.
7034	From the totality of evidence we sampled, we consider that the inspection merits a marking of 2 i.e. “Good Standard.”
7035	From the winners selected we will also give 1 FREE driving lesson to the person that recommended them too.
7036	From the yard, twin double doors open into the Barn having power and lighting.
7037	From the Yorkshire Sculpture Park to the newly opened Centre of Ceramic Art, the county hosts some outstanding shows this autumn.
7038	From this date, HMRC will be phasing in measures to reduce the relief that is given for this cost, and the amount of interest that can be deducted as an expense.
7039	From this excellent one bedroom ground floor flat in this sought after location.
7040	From this funding, £578 million has been set aside for an Incentive Fund scheme, to reward councils who demonstrate they're delivering value for money in carrying out cost effective improvements.
7041	From Thomas to Terence, Freddie to Flora, there is a railway adventure to thrill every Thomas fan.
7042	From time to time we have 'end of line' slow moving products and - being honest - we want the shelf space back so we are giving them away.
7043	From time to time we may modify the Disclaimer.
7044	From time to time, we revise our policies or consider our future programme of work.
7045	From UK Sport Sue Campbell CBE, Chair of UK Sport and Youth Sport Trust, has been appointed to the House of Lords and will serve as a Crossbench Peer.
7046	From unlimited travel, to one-off journeys, we provide bus travelcard and ticket options to suit everyone.
7047	From via Luddendenfoot, Mytholmroyd and Hebden Bridge to Todmorden, the narrow and often steep-sided valley winds westward.
7048	From walk in showers to fully fitted wet rooms, we guarantee that you’ll find fixes for all your bathroom needs.
7049	Front and centre this year will be our future relationship with the EU, we will keep speaking out on the issues that matter to business, from access to EU markets and talent, to the importance of avoiding damaging cliff edges.
7050	Front aspect offers a single garage and off street parking for two cars.
7051	Frontier economies are often rich in natural resources.
7052	Frost the cupcakes with the blueberry buttercream icing.
7053	Fr Peter led the heart-warming service which marked a turning point in the Chaplaincy's efforts, offering the space up to God.
7054	Frugal IT Ltd are an independent IT Solutions Provider with over 30 years experience of supplying IT Solutions to both Public and Private sectors.
7055	Fruit farmers in the UK face an uncertain future with the new National Living Wage (NLW) coming into force this April.
7056	FSA Guidance on EC Regulation 2073/2005 as amended by EU Regulation 1441/2007 is also available.
7057	FSB was mentioned by Guto Bebb MP during a Rail Electrification debate in the House of Commons.
7058	FSC certified, the Elite range of garden fence panels shows the natural beauty of the wood.
7059	FSCS is the independent body, set up by statute, which may be able to provide you with compensation if we go bust.
7060	Fulfillment by Amazon for more information.
7061	Fulham (0-2), Bristol City (1-3) and, most gallingly, Norwich (0-1) are the only blots on the copybook.
7062	Full data collected from HGCA trials throughout the UK and the HGCA Recommended Lists are available on the HGCA website ().
7063	Full days can be accommodated.
7064	Full details are contained in the list of names at the bottom of this page.
7065	Full details can be found in the recent statement: Maximising the benefits of 700MHz clearance.
7066	Full disclosure is always the best policy.
7067	Full document management integration automatically issues letters and brochure ware to customers and scans inbound email based on category for complete audit trail compliance.
7068	Full front and rear terraces, covered and open.
7069	Full payment is required when booking.
7070	Full range of accessories, such as mesh shelves, timber shelves, frame cladding, etc.
7071	Full-time students with a grade D will not qualify for funding if they are enrolled on stepping stone qualifications.
7072	Full-time taught courses last one year and are delivered as a series of modules.
7073	Fully automatic doors work at faster speeds.
7074	Fully comprehensive insurance is provided by Rockinvans to the driver named on the agreement holding a UK or Republic of Ireland Driving Licence.
7075	Fully Furnished: Student studios in Leicester city centre next to the University with high net rental returns of 8% assured.
7076	Fully inclusive rates from £146 for 2 days.
7077	Fully informed and friendly staff, highly recommended.
7078	Fully licensed by Cornwall council.
7079	Fun and compact sculpting makes the Aygo a real head turner, the subtle body creases and hatch boot access all add to the zippy and sporty character of this design.
7080	Functional CMS hosting is a basic requirement for creating your own website.
7081	Fundamental changes in how and where consumers are shopping, have combined with food deflation, brand rationalisation and increasing costs to create one of the toughest commercial environments ever.
7082	Funded by the Education Departments of Beijing, this suite of Projects is concerned with both developing practice, and researching in a number of pedagogical and subject areas in primary and secondary schools in Beijing.
7083	Funded studentships are usually advertised from the Autumn Term onward, with application deadlines beginning in January, but you should carefully check individual projects or funded MPhil/PhD programmes for the specific closing dates.
7084	Funded students will be expected to write two essays and the dissertation in history, philosophy or ethics of medicine, broadly understood to include life sciences and public health.
7085	Funding can be spent on a range of activities and items to encourage increasing participation, including new equipment, funding additional sessions, and assisting coaches in gaining qualifications.
7086	Funding for specialist IVF services was scrapped by health bosses in the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough area on Wednesday, and provision was suspended with immediate effect.
7087	"Funding has been cut by two-thirds so when the scheme starts again in April it will be on a drastically reduced scale and the waiting list of thousands will get even longer," explains the organisation's head of energy Audrey Gallacher.
7088	Fundraisers from SP Energy Networks met with the organisers of Sleep in the Park, the charity event which aims to put an end to homelessness in Scotland.
7089	Fundraising and Campaigning: including administering campaigns and donations, and sending direct marketing by post (and in some cases making marketing calls) and maintaining communication suppressions.
7090	Fundraising for Beanstalk can be lots of fun and is a great way to help us support more children.
7091	Funeral service to take place at Countesthorpe Crematorium (South Leicestershire Memorial Park) on Wednesday 30th May at 4:00pm.
7092	Fun, friendly and relaxed environment for your child with an endless list of activities catered specifically to your childs interests.
7093	Fun Palaces is an ongoing campaign for culture at the heart of every community, and an annual weekend of action - arts, science, craft, tech, digital and sports events and activities - run by and for local communities.
7094	Furet was, however, concerned less with the historical accuracy of this claim than with highlighting what he thought the real connections were, namely the comparable totalitarian systems embodied in the Terror and the Gulag.
7095	Furnished double room with private shower room/WC.
7096	Furniture shops and retailers in Plymouth supplying furniture ranging from beds, and wardrobes to sofas, tables and chairs.
7097	Furniture was stunning.
7098	Further background on the agreements is also on the gov.uk website at https://www.
7099	Further enquiries subsequently led to the arrest of a 41-year-old man from Widnes and a 27-year-old man from Garston on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.
7100	Further fixing points at waist and shoulder height each take 30kgs of load.
7101	Further genomic comparison with a closely related schistosome species that infects rodents has revealed how the parasite has adapted to infecting human beings.
7102	Further information about this collaborative research project, and full details on how to apply for the award can be found on the CHASE website.
7103	Further information can be obtained by taking tiny samples and analysing them with polarised light microscopy (PLM)X-ray powder diffraction (XRD).
7104	Further information is available at Section 17 of this statistical bulletin.
7105	Further information is available from the document on the RHS of this page.
7106	Further information is provided in the handbooks on the departmental website: Statement of Safety Organisation and Safety in Laboratories and on the University Safety Office website (http://www.
7107	Furthermore, at the end of the project the delivered asset has a full auditable history in place for every component part.
7108	Furthermore, a WaterSafe approved plumbing business which fails to uphold the standards will be subject to a range of penalties; in serious cases, this would result in its membership of WaterSafe being revoked.
7109	Furthermore, genes in other newly associated loci may provide new insights into human body weight regulation.
7110	Furthermore, Google chiefs have created a further ‘layer’ within the mentoring circle between the senior mentor and junior participants after finding that the best mentors are typically within 18 months of a person’s career trajectory.
7111	Furthermore Google Earth is to scale and accurate.
7112	Furthermore, it explains Mark Edmonds’ strange insistence on helping with the window cleaning, a task which Jen assures us he never attempts at home.
7113	Furthermore, members of any class, including the bourgeoisie, can in principle play a role in a revolu¬tionary socialist party.
7114	Furthermore, none of these systems accounted for the physiological changes associated with gestation.
7115	Furthermore, the Executive Team shall have power to vire between budgets of Officers of the Senior Management Team within their sphere of influence.
7116	Furthermore the property benefits from a private rear garden, garage with parking and NO ONWARD CHAIN.
7117	Furthermore, we extend current understanding of M2 activation in different species and identify Transglutaminase 2 as a conserved M2 marker that is highly expressed by human macrophages and monocytes in the prototypic Th2 pathology asthma.
7118	Further off street parking may be available by separate negotiation.
7119	Further power analysis would need to be carried out in order to more precisely assess the sample size needed at the country or regional scale for each species and survey method.
7120	Further Reminiscences of St Peters School Barford in the 1950’s.
7121	Further, some of the answers to this question were only noted by interviewers if provided spontaneously by the respondent.
7122	Further south are the West Pennine Moors and the Forest of Rossendale.
7123	Further south volcanic Sicily, Malta and Tunis on the North African coast are interesting ports of call.
7124	Further studies are required to investigate the prevalence of coexistence of these common conditions.
7125	Further study is a popular choice for a number of students following graduation.
7126	Further, the group announced that it expects future dividends will be set using a pay-out ratio of 80% of the underlying cash result.
7127	Further, the late Jill Craigie gave me exclusive access to the Suffragette papers she held, particularly papers belonging to Christabel.
7128	Further, the presence of potentially substantial inter-annual variation can mask seasonal patterns; it may be that a location has "strongly seasonal" transmission and yet no single season ever matches the mean, or synoptic, curve.
7129	Further years at Coventry University and then working alongside the traditional apprentice trained jeweller David McLoughlin, provided Andrew with the skills and confidence to forge his own path.
7130	Future productivity was influenced by health, skills and support.
7131	Future research should be aimed at comparing strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with SNA events for HIV-infected persons.
7132	F was successful at an interim relief hearing, following which the MD left Netcom.
7133	G2S have pleased thousands of customers with our home improvements.
7134	G80 paper of Advanced Financial Planning Certificate (October 2004) plus appropriate exam requirements for TC 2.1.
7135	Gaia is situated in Leamington Spa and is a workers’ co-operative.
7136	Gaia is unwell, the disruption of the earth that is being done by man is making her very ill.
7137	Gallery space at the revamped Kettle's Yard in Castle Street, Cambridge.
7138	Gallet had become too important a character, Mitterrand said, adding that the affair rumours had "exasperated" the French president.
7139	“Galloway Forest Park is a major draw to visitors over the summer period and the vast majority are very responsible.
7140	Game is supplied by owner Andy Waugh’s family.
7141	Gamers and businesses can also take advantage of the speed of this high end router through its four Gigabit Ethernet ports and easy to use VPN fuctionality.
7142	Games Animals Play.
7143	Games including pool, table tennis, XBox and Wii.
7144	Games retail chain supplying new and used games for leading consoles including Xbox, PlayStation and Nintendo.
7145	Gaming is where you can play games online with lots of different people from all over the world.
7146	Gaming machines in member’s clubs and alcohol licensed premises, unlicensed family entertainment centres.
7147	Garage to the rear in a block.
7148	Garden arbours and canopies are beautiful and stylish garden features that provide sheltered outdoor space for relaxing, reading, wining and dining.
7149	Garden centre life is easy if you have an SUV or estate car, but if you have a saloon or hatchback you want to make sure your car manages the trip unscathed; without a boot-full of soil or a scratched bumper, here are some tips from Stoke Audi.
7150	Gardens and parking nearby.
7151	Gardens of Remembrance for the purpose of the scattering of cremated remains are situated at Audenshaw, Denton, Droylsden, Hyde and Mossley cemeteries, where provision also exists for the placing of memorial plaques.
7152	Gareth is from Anglesey in Wales, where he attended a Welsh language school, Ysgol Uwchradd Bodedern.
7153	Garlic mustard is usually absent from grazed and trampled sites.
7154	Gary Rowett has left Derby County to become the manager of fellow Championship side Stoke City.
7155	Gas hobs provide accurate heat control and fast cooking times, to assist you in your culinary creations.
7156	Gate gives access to the playing fields.
7157	Gates360™ is both manual system named after the location Sergey Brin and Larry Page, the founders of Google, invented Google in. It is a simple network of over 854 webmasters who control vast numbers of websites.
7158	Gates are widely spaced when compared with other Alpine disciplines to allow competitors to maintain speeds of between 90 and 140km/h - sometimes more!
7159	Gathering and selling watercress kept many people in a small extra income around our North Nottinghamshire mining community.
7160	Gatherings include an exclusive cocktail hour with the captain and senior staff, and a Champagne high tea before sailaway on the last port day (complete with musical accompaniment and free of charge).
7161	Gather the whole family together for a stay in this spacious, pet-friendly cottage.
7162	Gather up your little explorers and head on an exciting expedition to the Chessington World of Adventures Resort.
7163	Gavin Barwell was a prominent contributor to debates and seemed to favour a more market-based approach to delivery of services, with councils potentially delivering planning services beyond their own areas.
7164	Gaze at manatees and dolphins in the sparkling sea, as you move along the Tampa Bay seawall and enjoy the flamingos, koi-filled ponds and bounteous orchids in the exotic Sunken Gardens.
7165	GB Gas are fully qualified C&G Gas Engineers.
7166	GBP recovers from Libor hit as French fears start to mount We use marketing cookies to show relevant services on third party websites.
7167	GBPUSD did reach a high of 1.2272, however it has lost 50 points since the release, suggesting that the market is not convinced by this report, and sees more challenges ahead for the UK economy.
7168	GDPR, which comes into force in the UK on 25 May 2018, will replace the 1998 Data Protection Act, but many of its core principles remain the same, with additional obligations and enhanced rights for individuals introduced in certain areas.
7169	GDPR will apply to all sensitive information including things like name and address, sexual orientation, religious information and genetic data.
7170	Gear shifter bosses were sometimes brazed onto the down tube.
7171	• Geberit has adapted all its WC elements for installation to ensure that all water and power supply connections fit precisely and are hidden to avoid spoiling the aesthetics.
7172	Geberit iCon cabinet for double washbasin, with two drawers To offer the best possible service, this website uses cookies.
7173	Geest Flowers (Birmingham) is a cash and carry wholesaler with a wide range of goods available from warehouses.
7174	Gelderd Close is a close in South West Leeds with a small number of businesses.
7175	Gene is described as white 5'4" tall of slim build with shoulder-length auburn hair.
7176	General builder and home improvement professional.
7177	General damages – are typically damages which are difficult to quantify, such as emotional damage or loss of future earnings.
7178	General elections come around every 5 years – maybe a bit more frequently these days!
7179	General James Jones, whom Obama had never met, was asked to become national security adviser.
7180	Generally a running dog will reach its peak at two.
7181	Generally, it was initiated when patients had a few months to live.
7182	Generally, no provision is made in the bankrupt’s proposal to creditors for the discharge of the OR’s costs as there is no mandatory requirement to do so under Rule 5.3, nor is it covered by current best practice guidance.
7183	Generally speaking, according to the experts at the Royal Horticultural Society, Light soils (sandy soils) can be turned over by a 2-5 HP machine, but heavy (clay) or impacted soils soil need more power.
7184	Generally speaking, a whistleblowing issue is one that affects others, e.g. clients or the firm, whereas a personal complaint is one where you believe you personally have been unfairly treated.
7185	Generally speaking the later the service the more likely a record will be available.
7186	“Generally the building is in a very good position for its original residential use and there is high demand for this type of accommodation, as shown by recent developments locally.”
7187	Generally, there is good access to facilities in Castle Point, although there is a particular need for additional sports facilities including a new sports hall in the Benfleet, Hadleigh or Thundersley area, and an indoor (lawn) bowls centre.
7188	General Sir Richard Barrons has been confirmed as the chair of the Disruptive Technology for Defence Transformation conference, which returns to.
7189	General Terms of Service and the Policies apply to all services provided by 123 Reg to its customers.
7190	Generated in 0.084 seconds in which 0.033 seconds were spent on a total of 14 queries.
7191	Generated in 0.807 seconds in which 0.777 seconds were spent on a total of 15 queries.
7192	Genetic characterization of Greek population isolates reveals strong genetic drift at missense and trait-associated variants.
7193	Genome editing using CRISPR/Cas9 is considered the best instrument for genome engineering in plants.
7194	Gentleman and I know that the problems will not be solved overnight, but if we do not move things in the right direction, we will never solve them.
7195	Gentleman, but he was anxious this morning to have some matters on the record and other matters removed from it.
7196	Gentleman in fact making an impassioned plea for proportional representation?
7197	Gentleman makes a critical connection between our national interest and the international case, which the Minister and her team acknowledge.
7198	Gentleman share their concern that this is about not only the absolute amount of money available for investment, but ensuring that the money is accessible to community groups and local councils when they need it?
7199	Gentleman’s starting point is quite right: the vast majority of companies are completely honest and therefore have absolutely nothing to fear from an open register.
7200	Gentleman’s wishes and I hope that all SNP Members—indeed, all Members of the House—have a pleasant recess.
7201	Gentleman will continue to make that case as well.
7202	Gentlemen, I salute you both!
7203	Gently push your chest out and upwards until you feel a stretch going across your chest.
7204	Geographic LocationsSpanning throughout North America, Mexico, the UK, and Europe.
7205	Geological description: Coarse to very coarse compact crystalline calcite, with a little banding suggesting this is a travertine.
7206	George Butterworth famously claimed ‘I’m not a musician, I’m a professional dancer,’ and commented that dancing gave him more artistic fulfilment than anything else.
7207	George Dent then finished off a backs move, with a dynamic run through, both he and Pillinger scoring a further try each in the first half, while Maher also crossed as his side led 31-0.
7208	George looked in his hat and found not just one rabbit but a whole bunch of fluffy baby rabbits which all seemed to be wearing a pensions bonnet.
7209	George McGillivray (ladies' and gents' clothiers) is at No. 65 High Street.
7210	George Michael is portrayed by twice ‘National Tribute Award Winner’ and runner up ‘Best British Male’, Paul Grant-Reason.
7211	George Rivers and Cassandra Day, from Isleham-firm Produce World, spoke to guests about winning the 2013 Employer of the Year Award and what it had done for their business.
7212	Georgina Philippou, Acting Director of Enforcement and Market Oversight at the FCA, commented: “Using fraud and false promises, Hope took in those who trusted him to invest their money.
7213	German leaders were pessimistic over the perception of encirclement by the Triple Entente and the resurgence of Russian power, since the latter’s defeat by Japan in 1905.
7214	German politics is about to look quite different indeed.
7215	Germany's great river, the Rhine, is close enough to make it an comfortable day trip to enjoy some extraordinary scenery.
7216	Get a carnet to spend less on your transport.
7217	Get account information, plus current and previous interest rates.
7218	Get a delicious feast for the family for an affordable price from this online retailer.
7219	Get a free quote online now to take a step further to the ultimate in home security.
7220	Get all the cancelled members of the specified institution.
7221	Get all the minutes, texts and data you need in one awesome value pack.
7222	Get a new High Quality Video webcam.
7223	Get a sticker each time you visit the library and collect colourful certificates.
7224	Get a taste of the go-kart driving experience in the spacious MINI 5-Door Hatch.
7225	Get bedroom ideas and inspiration from the thousands of photos from designers and stylists on Houzz; even if you’re struggling with a small bedroom you can find space saving bedroom ideas and clever layouts that could work in your bedroom.
7226	Get clean and fresh skin with Bi-Facil face.
7227	Get exclusive access to the Eventim Presales You’ve landed here, so you’re probably the sort of person who loves getting…
7228	Get fantastic superfast fibre broadband today.
7229	Get great discounts and make fantastic savings on over 500 airlines and 65,000 hotels when you use one of our Opodo voucher codes.
7230	Get green-fingered with our garden team learning all about how we look after our plants and trees in the changing seasons on this experience day.
7231	Get help from HMRC’s automated assistant These links will open in a new window.
7232	Get in early to find the best spot on the dance floor!
7233	Get listed in this popular UK paper read by thousands of potential customers.
7234	Get mobile ready with a responsive design for Android, iOS, tablets and other mobile devices, which in turn will open up your online world to many potential clients throughout the Penmynydd area.
7235	Get more information on who can receive a personal budget and how it can be managed.
7236	Get ready for a night of legends ðŸ—“
7237	Get ready to add a new twist to kitchen classics!
7238	Get ready to enter the game and look out for the gold!
7239	Get ready to sweat!
7240	Get removals quotes if you need them but don’t book anything until you’ve got dates for completion.
7241	Get Safe Online is a new initiative aimed at helping people get the best from the internet.
7242	Get the advice you need if you are struggling with fuel debt.
7243	Get the bank statements out because they speak the truth.
7244	Get the best of both worlds with one of our many light combo kits.
7245	Get the help you need in deciding which franchise is right for you.
7246	Get the lowdown on how you’re perceived and what you need to improve.
7247	Get them out into sunlight in the morning - to switch off melatonin, increasing alertness.
7248	Get the weekend started on a Friday Night with brilliant comedy from three of the top comedians on the circuit.
7249	Getting a quick view of how many species exist at a site, and what their phylogenetic relationships are, is a shortcut to assessing biodiversity, which can then be compared over time and between sites.
7250	Getting a room in a shared house rather than renting on your own will be cheaper and give you the chance to save up.
7251	Getting frustrated when someone uses a word or phrase incorrectly is all well-and-good, but don't be too quick to judge.
7252	Getting hold of enough fireworks for an 8pm display on The Sands was tricky as communities all over the country wanted to do the same.
7253	'Getting it right for every child' makes sure that if your child needs support the right help will be there at the right time.
7254	Getting personal - making personal budgets work for people with dementia.
7255	Getting started with NESTTelling NEST when and what you'll pay Why do I need to set up worker groups?
7256	Getting the right data from Google Analytics can be pretty overwhelming for a lot of people.
7257	Getting to grips with gun dogs that can't, or won't, jump.
7258	“Getting used to night-time driving can take time, so take it easy until the old skills come back and you can start to enjoy the new challenges.”
7259	Getting your boiler checked regularly will mean any minor problems will be detected early, and you can take preventative measures to stop them from getting worse.
7260	Getting your head around this concept will help you understand your figures much better.
7261	Getting your practice involved with charity work is a way of contributing to the local community.
7262	Getting your venue booked early also gives more time for fun parts of planning, like deciding on a theme.
7263	Get to know your the ship, her crew and your fellow passengers, and enjoy your first dinner on board.
7264	Get Your Mobi can offer you a cost effective solution for your content writing needs in the Isle Of Lewis area.
7265	GFM invests in local people by providing training and support in technical production, studio skills, interviewing, presenting, understanding community and commercial radio.
7266	Giant Contend 2 Mens Road Bike 2018 model this bike replaces Giant's best selling Defy range taking the UK's most popular entry level road bike to new heights of quality for ride comfort.
7267	Giant Pandas are critically endangered and the most precious babies in the world.
7268	Giles Hargreave began his career in 1969 and has managed this fund since its inception in 2004.
7269	Gillespie (2012) explores the issue of destitution through interviews with some of those directly affected alongside survey data, supplemented by focus group and workshop input.
7270	Gill's research interests include the management of chronic low back pain and cruciate ligament reconstruction and rehabilitation.
7271	Gill will be sharing her expertise with AHP in a variety of ways.
7272	Gingivitis is the first stage of gum disease.
7273	Girls and guys need this if they are looking for a bit of raunchy romance.
7274	Give baths their crowning glory with these Modern Bath Feet.
7275	Give details of any dates you (or your witnesses) would like the court to avoid when listing.
7276	Give it a little attention now, and you’ll be rewarded with a healthy lawn next spring for all to enjoy!
7277	Give it up today and watch your skin wake up!
7278	Give me a proper car, not a BS computer.
7279	Give me one good reason why I should venture out on a freezing cold January evening to see a Ruth Rendell thriller at the theatre when there is so much great drama on TV.
7280	Given its location close to the former valley, and subsequently the estuary of the Dee, early human activity in the immediate vicinity of the latter-day town could be expected, though no positive evidence has yet been found.
7281	Given that no PAR had been put into Ternhill before the actual installation went quite well or so it seemed.
7282	Given that the Panel found that some of the allegations were proved, the Panel invited the Presenting Officer to lead evidence and make submissions in relation to the Teacher’s fitness to teach.
7283	Given the availability of this information, it is disappointing that some insurers still insist on pursuing individual cases to the last stage of our process - an ombudsman's final decision.
7284	Given the delay to the implementation date, the Regulator is likely to be less tolerant of any non-compliance.
7285	Given the diverse nature of CSR initiatives, it is impossible to separate their impact on a firm’s performance from social and economic benefits for the community.
7286	Given the enthusiasm that British judges once had for dishing out this particular punishment, there is certainly scope for a few more cheeses in the series.
7287	Given the size of the club, based on wage bill and number of supporters alone, compared to other clubs in the division, there will be an expectancy to go straight back up under the new manager.
7288	Given the strong performance of the business, the Board has proposed a final dividend of 27.45 pence per share, up 33%, which brings the full year dividend to 42.86 pence per share, up 30%.
7289	“Given the suggestion that Nelson’s column be taken down, will my right hon.
7290	Give our bookings team a phone call today!
7291	Give the gateway to your home a Solidor and create that coastal vibe!
7292	Give us a call for tyres, batteries, servicing and repairs.
7293	Give your dog the opportunity to run every day, unless recommends otherwise.
7294	Giving equal priority to understanding their behaviours and cultural fit is a vital part of ensuring they’ll bed into your business.
7295	Giving the customer just what they want.
7296	'Giving the Rhino's a run for their money'
7297	GLAA joins Met on joint car wash raid.
7298	Glad to have a traditional Irish bar in Darlington, the atmosphere in there is fantastic very cheap drinks and a lot of laughs, definately going back in.
7299	Glad to see someone else saw this!
7300	Glad you had a good birthday Looby, sounds like you enjoyed yourself.
7301	Glad you liked it!
7302	Glad you're feeling zippity doo-dah after few days off.
7303	Glamorise your guest room, bedazzle your bathroom and kitchen, beautify your bedroom, luxuriate your living room, spruce up your stair or hallway, and dandify your dining room and conservatory.
7304	Glances back to Elidir Fawr should generate a feeling of pride and achievement.
7305	Glasgow carpenters and joiners, purpose made joinery, fitted kitchens and wardrobes, refurbishments and renovations.
7306	Glasgow City Council Policy Statement on the "Application of Placing Request Criteria"
7307	Glasgow Sport deliver an extensive programme with expert coaching for juniors and adults alike.
7308	Glasgow Women’s Library has two important facets to its work; uncovering the hidden histories and creative cultural contributions of women and supporting and developing the work of contemporary and emerging work by creatives.
7309	Glazing and any fixed electrical installations comply with the applicable building regulations requirements (see below).
7310	Glen Garrod outlines his ambitions as the new president of ADASS.
7311	Glen Hurich is part of a larger area of forest and hill land managed by Forest Enterprise Scotland.
7312	Glen Tarsan started life as a fishing trawler operating out of Ireland but was converted into a small luxurious cruise boat that now operates around the Lochs and Isles of Western Scotland.
7313	Global Payout is a provider of financial technology, with a focus on payment solutions.
7314	Global Property Investors provide opportunities to make property investment across overseas with ideal offers and discounts.
7315	GLOBE is a research and public engagement centre located at the School of Law, University of Warwick.
7316	Gloucester was a bit pissed off because here he was.
7317	Glow Dental would like to welcome you to our new blog!
7318	Glue-on plastic shoes are the most expensive, and can cost up to £250 for a full set - this is because the method used to apply a set of these is specialised, and your farrier will have had extra training to learn how to apply them.
7319	Gluten free options are available with most of their dishes and we’re pleased to announce they are now GF accredited.
7320	Gluten-free pasta and endless Memphis-Group-inspired (read: millennial) pink.
7321	Gmail is not only a handy and highly accessible e-mail application, it also has a lot of hidden talents.
7322	Goa is also home to two World Heritage Sites—the Bom Jesus Basilica and the churches and convents of Old Goa.
7323	Goals from Rosie Eden, Emily Phillips and Chloe Spencer capped off an excellent performance and all-round league campaign for Steve Davies’ side.
7324	GOAT--a simple LC-MS/MS gradient optimization tool.
7325	Go back as far as Sun Tzu, Chinese genius general of the 6th century.
7326	Go direct to the source, at Sacombe Hill Farm, Watton-at-Stone, SG14 3NL, where you can also see Bridget’s award-winning animals, or at the farm’s new butcher shop on the High street in Watton-at-Stone.
7327	God knows where she thought he worked but obviously this is where people go when they are not with her!
7328	Godolphin House was sold in 1929 to a local Cornish miner and then sold again to the Schofield family in 1937.
7329	GODS are known for their appreciation of comedy, and have for the last few years run the improvised comedy troupe Churchill Improv, who perform free shows in college and at May Balls.
7330	Go for a walk, there’s plenty of walks on the outdoor guide, find a wood and just stop, listen and embrace the outdoors.
7331	Go for one of the 'Sport' models and you can have your car with a set of adaptive dampers so you can alter the ride to suit the road you're on and the mood you're in As for engines, well there are plenty of tempting options.
7332	Go for the auto EDC model and the returns are hardly any different - 52.3mpg and 120g/km.
7333	Go green, go paper-free, and view all your statements and other letters online instead of on paper.
7334	Going back to my point about the walk reports,,, they really are helpful and have given me excellent advice.
7335	Golden Eagle is a bar where individuals and groups of people can enjoy daytime drinks or an evening out.
7336	Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr slams NFL's 'idiotic' decision to fine teams for protesting players, claiming the league is 'trying to use the anthem as fake patriotism'
7337	Goldsmiths acquired the entire baths in 1999, converting them into studios and teaching rooms for students.
7338	Goldsmith, Simon Benney has been featured in a new BBC documentary series, ‘Handmade: By Royal Appointment’.
7339	Golf walking my dog eating in eating out.
7340	Gone are the days of spending tedious hours schmoozing recruitment agents in the hope that yours will be the CV they submit for the vacancy.
7341	Gone are the pork scratchings and cheese ‘n’ onion toasties.
7342	'Gone but not forgotten', they say.
7343	Good continued control over efficiencies and our level of reserves allows us to budget for no increases in our levies.
7344	Good deals on minutes.
7345	Good design is more than just how places look, it also takes into account how places ‘work’ - such as the mixture of uses and the way in which people move around an area.
7346	Good design removes these hurdles and creates a positive experience for every user of your website.
7347	Good for an interactive whiteboard teaching tool.
7348	Good for walking and cycling and genera, sightseeing.
7349	Good lighting is key to emphasizing the textures and color balance of your food photograph.
7350	Good luck at Aberystwyth University studying International Politics.
7351	“Good luck to Milngavie Primary as they get ready to represent East Dunbartonshire against teams from across Scotland.
7352	Good morning, a parent of mine asked me to fill in a university grant form for a childcare part and i did.
7353	Good morning everyone, it really is a pleasure for me to be with you today.
7354	Good news for those on the property ladder, but not for those first-time buyers that aren’t!
7355	Good on you for being proactive and focused, like someone mentioned, I'd probably just sit down and cry.
7356	Good plan, let’s get started.
7357	Good purchasing decisions achieve value for money, are ethical, transparent, take account of sustainability issues and leave a robust audit trail.
7358	“Goods should be checked to ensure live parts are not exposed, wires are not frayed and that creepage and clearance distances are within regulations.
7359	Good thing is that Lockman 247 is here to cater to their needs.
7360	Good train links – and even the Tube – reach deep into Bucks, so days or evenings out in London are simplicity itself.
7361	Good value and very versatile.
7362	Good value for money and would recommend.
7363	Google adwords collects no personal data or IP addresses.
7364	Google capture some information as you view some Google Apps or Google Services embedded within our website.
7365	Google is always doing something that keeps Chameleon on its toes.
7366	Google is looking to take search to the next level with its products Google Now and Google Now On Tap.
7367	Google is Really a “Referral Engine.”
7368	Google Pay is simpler, safer, and you can use it anywhere contactless is accepted.
7369	Google stopped new accounts from being created two months after it launched and deleted all existing Waves this past April.
7370	Google Trends is another great tool that shows you high-volume keywords in your niche.
7371	Go on an appetising culinary adventure, at the best restaurants in Santacruz, Mumbai, at the Taj.
7372	Gopnik has a knack for making any subject stimulating, even working at GQ in the 1980s.
7373	Gordon McKenzie of Beccles Town collected his outstanding contribution to community football award while the club were highly commended in the FA Charter Standard Club of the Year category.
7374	Gorgeous colours and that fabulous sensual feel are their trademark - vibrant, flamboyant & alive their style.
7375	Got a question about our smart card, The Key?
7376	Got a question about parks and gardens?
7377	Got a room size remanent.
7378	Got a specific Ford Fiesta Edge model in mind?
7379	Got a specific Petrol/Electric Hybrid car make in mind?
7380	Go through a copse and follow the path as it bends slightly to the left.
7381	Go through the gate ahead and turn left to find a faint grassy track that leads back towards the viewpoint, but a few metres below the edge of the hill.
7382	Go to a 32” gun too soon, though, and it can impede your progress.
7383	Go to eBay Shops to see the online shopfronts of experienced, high-volume eBay sellers who provide additional shopping convenience.
7384	Go to the left of the gate and on the pavement turn right, go over the bridge & back to the start.
7385	Go to your brother, kill him with your gun.
7386	Got your mind set for another go at this diary thing yet?
7387	Gout usually affects the joint of the big toe first, before affecting other joints.
7388	Gove recalled that in 2009 the government and the central bank had relaxed monetary policy.
7389	Governance was in place in the department but this was not robust.
7390	Government cannot abdicate responsibility for the consequences of its financial decisions.
7391	Government committed to increasing spending on our national health service, it was necessary to look for savings in other areas and that included reducing expenditure on welfare.
7392	Government guidance says that before children’s services start any legal action (for example, before they start care proceedings), they should see if your child can be safely cared for by a family member or by a friend.
7393	Government have indicated that new climate policies and a ‘Clean Growth’ plan are coming.
7394	Governments and the UN want the CSW agreed conclusions much more badly than they want to say they are going to implement those provisions.
7395	Governments throughout the UK need to do more to help plant the large numbers of trees needed to meet our requirements for wood in future."
7396	Gower Peninsula: To the west of the City is the Gower Peninsula, Great Britain's first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty whose west facing beaches are Wales' premier surfing location.
7397	Go with your gut instead.
7398	G Plan Washington Leather ArmchairSleek and refined, the clean lines of this sofa are the epitome of modern design.
7399	G Plan Washington Leather Power Recliner ArmchairSleek and refined, the clean lines of this sofa are the epitome of modern design.
7400	Grab your chance to make use of one of London's most spectacular public spaces, and make the Park your next event venue.
7401	Grab yourself a splendid John Lewis discount code on MyVoucherCodes and get ready to pack your (protected) bags!
7402	Grade 4 movement sensors must also be able to detect ‘range reduction’, i.e. blocking of part of the sensors field of view.
7403	Gradually carved out by the inexorable motion of glaciers, the 150m-high cliffs are a dark and brooding presence – and seemingly remote, despite their proximity to the A470.
7404	Graduated green lenses and anti-reflective coating.
7405	Graduates go on to careers in the charity sector, local and national government, and law.
7406	Graduates of either the Bar Vocational Course (BVC) or the Bar Professional Training Course (BPTC) are permitted exemptions from attendance and assessment in some areas of the LPC.
7407	Graham’s latest work The Culture: A Farce in Two Acts is currently staged at Hull Truck and takes a satirical look at Hull’s phenomenal year in the spotlight.
7408	Graham visits each of the three schools every week, ensuring he is visible to all staff.
7409	Grampian Accommodation Agency is a firm of letting agents who help landlords to find tenants, and prospective tenants to find accommodation to rent.
7410	Grand Piano Sales in Sw7 - Mildren Pianos LtdThis website may use cookies.
7411	Grange Road in Balsall Common, Coventry consists predominantly of semi-detached houses.
7412	Granollers, the veteran Champion of the Master Cup in London 2013 in doubles, Marcel Granollers takes part in the only Spanish couple who has reached the greater title in the ATP World Tour.
7413	GranoVita makes it simple with Linseed Plus, a combination of linseed (flaxseed) and natural fruit extract.
7414	Granted to the Clifford family an earth and timber motte-and-bailey castle was built with the circular stone keep, which sits atop the original motte, being constructed by Walter de Clifford around the 1220s.
7415	Grants and Loans are available from some charities and some Trades Unions.
7416	Grants are available to support enterprising organisations that will ensure the provision of extracurricular computing science related activities are extended and made available more consistently across Scotland.
7417	Graphic Design students can access all the workshop facilities to support their engagement with the design schools philosophy of thinking through making.
7418	Grave goods in east Kent have a distinctive ‘Kentish’ style, representing a fusion of southern Scandinavian (Jutish) and Frankish craft-working and art stryles.
7419	Graves 89 to 228 were excavated at this time.
7420	GRAYS Athletic have been knocked out of the FA Trophy after suffering a 2-0 defeat to Cray Wanderers in their first qualifying round replay.
7421	G R Decorators on Whetstone TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
7422	Great alternative in a space where a wetroom isn’t appropriate.
7423	Great bed, looks good and excellent value for money.
7424	Great choice for young football lovers, this Adidas tracksuit is available in different colours and sizes Size: L. Colour: Black.
7425	Great company with quality instructors.
7426	Great delivery, and item as expected.
7427	Greater investment in Park and Ride should be encouraged.
7428	Great for the whole family – the simplicity of the tap operation makes it easy to use for adults and children alike with an ergonomic design.
7429	Great location, close to lots of shops etc. Did the drummer boy walk which was lovely and traveled further afield on other days.
7430	Great location - close to transport links, beaches and amenities.
7431	Great location for Freshwater beach and Yarmouth town, away fro…
7432	Great location, hosts and weather!
7433	Great location surprised how quiet it was at night no background noise at all.
7434	Great looking stall - everything organized and beautifully presented.
7435	Great news for Fowler Welch as they enter into a multi-million pound strategic partnership with Dairy Crest plc, covering storage and logistics at the dairy company’s national distribution centre.
7436	Great Oakley Choir, Essex We are a friendly church and community choir based in a Great Oakley, North East Essex.
7437	Great post and really useful advice.
7438	Great product all roundIt's been 2 months using the midi and I am now seeing great results.
7439	Great Product but one quirk let's it down.
7440	Great pubs serving good, reasonably priced food in walking distance too.
7441	Great read and sentiment Thom.
7442	Great to be reminded…
7443	Great value for Barcelona.
7444	Great value for money and lovely accommodation.
7445	Great vehicle good for the road and versatile this vehicle qualifies for our warranty for life scheme.
7446	Great Wall may have improved quality levels but its budget price remains the truck's biggest selling point.
7447	Great way to get kids playing outdoors instead of a plastic, indoor track!
7448	Green fangs were a new twist, and all very frightening, but they didn't really hold the attention.
7449	Greenford is an affordable and accessible London suburb, and, for that reason, is up-and-coming.
7450	Green Speed is proud to be offering some of the best tuning files on the market.
7451	Gregg’s offers a wide range of baked goods including bread, cakes and savouries.
7452	Gregory graduated from the State University of New York (Binghamton) in 1994 with a BA in Political Science (concentration in Economics) and earned an MSc in Economics from the University of Edinburgh later in his career.
7453	Grenville Court Care Home in Horsford.
7454	Grey, blue and white kids room and some other beautiful children's rooms on click through.
7455	Grip is good and steering is precise, too.
7456	Grip, trail feedback and an active ride are all there in abundance.
7457	Gritters work at speeds lower than normal traffic speed, if you are behind one please don't try to overtake.
7458	Gritting led to another major problem.
7459	Gross income is the total gross income.
7460	Gross yields on multi-unit freehold blocks have risen to 9.3% in Q4 2014, the highest on record.
7461	Ground breaking projects.
7462	Ground floor shower room shower, basin and WC.
7463	Grounds or reasons for eviction from council housing If your landlord wants to evict you, they have to provide a reason or ground.
7464	Groundwork London provides other volunteer services, and is committed to working with individuals and organisations to ensure that they receive the necessary support with regards to recruitment and management of volunteers.
7465	Group Commander George Marshall said earlier: “The electrical substation has been partially isolated and the firefighters in attendance are working hard to contain the fire.
7466	Group private health insuranceHow does this policy work?
7467	'Groups of friends are choosing to get into a peaceful state of mind or embark on adventures, like hiking, to help the production of serotonin,' says 38 Degrees North founder Claire Davis.
7468	Grow in any moist but well-drained soil in partial shade, strong sun will scorch the leaves.
7469	Growing up in Sydney, Colin’s passion for crocodiles started at the age of two.
7470	Grow Prickly plants close to vulnerable areas such as windows, fences, boundary walls and drainpipes.
7471	Growth in the economy has been subdued over the first half of this year, and the limited news on activity more recently indicates this will continue in the short term.
7472	GRS Roadstone Sales - GRS Group We've noticed that you don't have javascript enabled.
7473	GS1 (Global Standards) are global data standards used for the identification, capture and sharing of information about people, places and things.
7474	Gt Yarmouth Borough Council, in its wisdom, has allowed cycling on Gorleston’s lower promenade, despite objections voiced and without apparently considering fully the safety of pedestrians, especially in the vicinity of Jay Jay’s cafe.
7475	Guam's form brought White to the attention of many, but he had already demonstrated the ability to bring tangible improvements to small nations.
7476	Guardians often personally look after the children in the event of both parents’ death.
7477	Guest also get complimentary access to an off-site fitness centre which is a very short walk away, where not only can you use the equipment, but also try out the many, great classes such as yoga, and pilates that are on offer.
7478	Guests at the London Beach are 15 minutes drive from Rye and the beautiful coastline.
7479	Guests can also enjoy all the facilities of the Grandstand.
7480	Guests can enjoy a wide variety of food and drink choices within easy walking distance from the hotel.
7481	Guests were served canapés and Prosecco outside in the courtyard before entering the marquee for the wedding breakfast.
7482	Guidance given in appropriate manuals which are consistent with the Standard must also be met.
7483	Guidance on bodies eligible to use ‘030’ telephone numbers - OfcomOfcom uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our site.
7484	Guidance on specific types of disability is given by the University's Advisory Committee on Disability.
7485	Guides & books : Europe, Canal & River Routes and Traffic-Free RoutesJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
7486	Guiding you through your options.
7487	Guildford Conservative Association paid my election expenses.
7488	Gun Club: Members of Penyghent Gun Club met in Ring Pot Pasture for a match shoot.
7489	Gurpreet Singh, aged 42 from Coalway Avenue in Penn was charged this evening by West Midlands Police detectives with the murder of 38-year-old Sarbjit Kaur.
7490	Guru Challengers, spearheaded by the Mixer the Fixer, declare independence and d…
7491	Guru Nanak was the first Guru and founder of the Sikh religion.
7492	Guy is a non-executive director of Coventry and Warwickshire Partnership NHS Trust and a member of the West Midlands Clinical Senate.
7493	GVA(P) is then calculated as output less intermediate consumption.
7494	Gwynedd has a number of off-mains businesses that depend on fossil fuel to function.
7495	Gwynfa is available to let for the first time in June 2014.
7496	Gym at SWFLC - Chelmsford City CouncilThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience.
7497	Gypsy and Traveller information - Hertsmere Borough Council Browser does not support script.
7498	H2 Eco: Suitable for all Vado shower and bath shower mixers, this flow regulator is placed on shower outlet ; flow regulated to 9 litres per minute.
7499	H317: May cause an allergic skin reaction.
7500	Haart Residential of Camberwell offer to the market an elegantly preserved apartment for rent in a perfect location for ease of travel to central London.
7501	Habia is the government-appointed sector skills body and industry authority for hair, beauty, nails, spa therapy, barbering and African-type hair.
7502	Hackers have been prevalent for many years now, yet it seems that only in the past 12 months…
7503	Hackney Wick is really close to the location of the London Olympic Park and is currently experiencing regeneration and expansion linked to the 2012 Summer Olympics.
7504	Had a lovely time viewing the Atlantis with its beautiful facilities, aquarium, and grounds.
7505	Haddenham and Thame Parkway station on the Chiltern line provides a mainline link to London Marylebone.
7506	Haddington Town Centre Design Project Steering Group* invites you to help shape new design proposals for our town centre, ones that will benefit the whole town.
7507	Haddo House in Aberdeenshire, Kellie Castle in Fife and Hugh Miller Museum and Birthplace Cottage in the Highlands are to stay open.
7508	Ha – depends who you ask and when you ask them!
7509	Had he played for one of the so called bigger clubs, I’m positive that he would have got a sackful of England caps.
7510	Had my first treatment a few weeks back and already noticed how little my hair has grown back and it's amazing!
7511	Had we not done so, I believe this maniac would have caused large-scale massacres and we’d have those on our conscience.
7512	Haggerston Park - Hertsmere Borough Council Browser does not support script.
7513	Hagley’s project was based around Hagley Hall’s landscape, altered over time on the instructions of the Lyttelton family according to the changing garden fashions.
7514	Hahaha, no the dog would get far far too jealous!
7515	Haha loved the story of the zebra jeans, at least you didn't incinerate them, whoops who said that?
7516	Hair at end result is always what u ask for.
7517	Hairst Blinks One Piece Necklet with a Silver Motif.
7518	Ha-Joon Chang, Random House Business Books, £8.
7519	“Haleemah has been excellent since her arrival and taught us all so much.
7520	Half day courses cost £50 per person.
7521	Halfords on Hither Green TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
7522	Half the staff don't know what they doing which makes it harder for others.
7523	Halfway up the steps a path gives access to another paved path that leads down to the secondary garden, which is behind the garage and enclosed by brick walling.
7524	Hall Farm Close in Riccall, York consists predominantly of detached houses.
7525	Hall Leys Park with its manicured flower borders, bowling green, boating lake and playground is the venue for the Victorian Market Christmas Weekend from 5th to 7th December.
7526	Hallmark lightness embraces a capacious flavour of nutty malted barley that extends to an inkling of spice and complex oak traits with a velvety finish to start morphing into a spicy finale.
7527	Hall McKnight aligned with our vision and we are grateful to be working with such a talented group of architects and designers."
7528	Hallucinating the Sahara out of the classroom window and practically melting in your seat was standard procedure during the summer months at Ryde Academy.
7529	Hall: Wasn't too busy, especially as Harriers pushed for a leveller.
7530	Halogen lamps, electrical dimmer switches, stereo or computer speakers, fairy lights, TVs, monitors and AC power cords have all been known to affect routers.
7531	Halton Borough Council's Trading Standards officers have prosecuted three Runcorn rogue traders after they carried out poor quality and unfinished gardening and driveway work at the homes of Runcorn residents.
7532	Halton Young Carers Team and Young Carers from the Spoken and Heard group hosted a stall at Runcorn Asda superstore on Thursday 26 January to raise awareness of young carers.
7533	Hamish Rosie was born a healthy baby in South Ronaldsay, during the Second World War.
7534	Hammer thrower Elaine Park who won silver on Wednesday, her first medal in eight games, held the Shetland flag aloft at the closing ceremony in the baking heat of Jersey’s Howard Davis Park.
7535	Hampshire County Council and the Hampshire and Isle of Wight Wildlife Trust have withdrawn their controversial plan to erect fencing on Yateley Common.
7536	Hampstead campaigners have hit out at plans by the Royal Free Hospital to sell off Queen Mary’s House in Heath Street to developers to build high end luxury flats.
7537	Hand built computers to your specification.
7538	Handle communication carefully.
7539	Handlers must keep the same spacing throughout the exercise.
7540	Handmade jewellery for weddings.
7541	Handpainted by artisans and gift boxed.
7542	Hands-on experience in experiments involving different techniques (optical, electrical, acoustic measurements).
7543	Hands on sessions: writing your own programs; using different programming languages and packages; making graphical pictures, games and animations.
7544	Handsworth had collapsed to 72-8 and the game looked over, but a spirited ninth wicket partnership between Khan and Bilal Zameer kept Rugby at bay and then started to prosper.
7545	Handy waterproof pouches to safely hold your window cleaning tools, cloths and sundries.
7546	Hang metal pendant lights above the table to create an intimate feel for dining.
7547	Hannah- Clients can expect to come into Rush East Grinstead and be provided with an exceptional service from start to finish.
7548	Hanover Garage is an Independent garage based in the Altrincham area that specialises in the service and repair of all makes of motor vehicle.
7549	Hansel and Muffin, my daughterâ€™s horses standing at the farm gate, waiting patiently for a scone from the farmhouse kitchen.
7550	Hans Fischer, CEO of Tata Steel’s European operations, said: “These potential sales follow the successful sale of other non-core businesses in recent years, such as Long Products Europe and Speciality Steels.
7551	Happily, it generally was fairly straight- forward and an easy system to use.
7552	Happy Days club runs on the second Monday of each month during term time and during some holidays for special events.
7553	Happy Easter from all at Coeliac UK.
7554	Harassment and Illegal Eviction are both criminal offences.
7555	Harassment, Assault and Abuse - Staffordshire PoliceWe use cookies to improve your experience.
7556	Harassment may be verbal, psychological, or physical, in person or via a virtual platform, or through other methods of contact.
7557	Hard at the moment.
7558	Hard at work in the RSC Costume Workshop.
7559	Hard race for our Lapierre riders; Alexis Vuillermoz got his rear derailleur shooted by another rider at the start, and could only use 2 gears during the race.
7560	Haringey Council’s housing chief cllr Alan Strickland said: “We’ve been pressing the developers hard to cover the costs of affordable housing and I’m absolutely delighted they’ve listened.
7561	Hariri has close ties to Saudi Arabia, and he made his resignation speech from the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh rather than Lebanese capital Beirut.
7562	Harleston’s lead is down to five points, and nearest rivals Norwich Ceyms – who were 3-1 home winners over Blofield United – have a game in hand.
7563	Harley Davidson ride for Waltham Abbey mum diagnosed with cancer closes M25 as 500 bikers show their suppor.
7564	Harlow Carr’s Real Ale & Cider Festival will feature a range of interesting and eminently quaffable real ales from the four corners of Yorkshire – plus ciders, too – all served direct from the barrel.
7565	Harmless chemical cargo in lorry snatched from outside Ostend in incident described as "bizarre theft".
7566	Harmonious design concepts can work wonders, and choosing the right colours and textures to suit your bathroom & personality is crucial.
7567	Harmony deliver the highest standards across a comprehensive range of beauty treatments.
7568	Harrop Fold School – ManchesterWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
7569	Harrow has a population of 240,000, of which only 30% are white British.
7570	Harry added: “An evening service like this a great opportunity to put the skills from your College course into practise.
7571	Harry adds: “An apprenticeship offers you experience you would not gain at university and allows you to gain a qualification related to your field of work.”
7572	Harry’s family and friends are crowdfunding to help pay for his treatment and safe return to the UK.
7573	Has a habit of using her meagre media opportunities to bemoan the lack of media opportunities the Greens get.
7574	Has also written and devised new works of theatre!
7575	Has anyone had issues using Bytemark's DNS?
7576	Has anyone out there heard anything about a phase 3 trial?
7577	Has been a bit nibbled but overall condition is very good.
7578	Hasler received a Cooper throw in from the right and sent a deep ball into the Merstham penalty area that was headed wide by Heard.
7579	Has the applicant listed the references or sources of information (in entry form or in resource) used in developing the resource?
7580	Has the property been owned by the current owner for less than six months?
7581	Hastings Borough Council holds elections every two years.
7582	Has your dog given blood, or received a transfusion?
7583	Hatch with access to the roof space.
7584	Hate opening the post?
7585	Hatfield Hyde village is nearly a mile south west of the crossing.
7586	Have a look at the lovely range of Lancashire holiday cottages settling you in easy access for the delights the county has to offer.
7587	Have a look at the Offers page on the Habitat online store to discover seasonal promotions that are simply too good to pass up.
7588	Have a look at the picture below and see if you can work out what we would be looking for if these were the conditions on your site.
7589	Have a sparkle in your eye and a passion.
7590	Have bought from Mattressman before and now I wouldn't even consider buying a mattress anywhere else!
7591	Have empathy with service users and their families."
7592	Have fun in the park or stretch your legs in the countryside.
7593	Have fun making this lovely children's costume, using fabric from your fleeces and t-shirts!
7594	Have learned techniques to communicate more effectively to teams and individuals including the importance of giving and receiving feedback, and handling conflict.
7595	Haven Lodge residents Rosemarie Yeeles (left) and Bessie Eccles (right) enjoying the canal trip.
7596	Have the meal over 2 days and then freeze the rest.
7597	Have they been certified by local authorities or government agencies?
7598	Have women started supporting populist radical right parties in greater numbers?
7599	Have you any suggestions?
7600	Have you been injured in Topshop in an accident that was not your fault.
7601	Have you been to Istanbul BBQ?
7602	Have you ever thought about selling your product to Rother District Council?
7603	Have you ever wondered what that extraordinary painting is in the Antechapel of the man with enormous hands?
7604	Have you ever wondered why some web pages get higher search engine rankings than others?
7605	Have you filled in the Registration Form?
7606	Have you got a celebration coming up?
7607	Have you got a funny or interesting story about your ride in?
7608	Have you got a property to let in Chertsey?
7609	Have you got a spare minute to add a review of Solihull Station, Solihull?
7610	Have you got robust systems and processes in place?
7611	Have you maxed out on your MINI’s luggage capacity?
7612	Have you recently had a journal article published?
7613	Have your say on new controls to prevent crime in gambling The Gambling Commission uses cookies to make the site simpler.
7614	Have your say on what goes on at your community centre.
7615	Have you suggested what impact it will have?
7616	Have you thought about capacity?
7617	Have you thought about starting your own business in the utility sector with the full support and training of an award winning British company.
7618	Have you tried to find anything on the new site that isn't linked to the home page?
7619	Have you visited The Lamb Inn?
7620	Having a few hives in the Cemetery is a great privilege and few hobbies bring you closer to the wonders of the natural world.
7621	Having an A-level demonstrates a thorough understanding of a subject, will boost your career prospects and will open up new opportunities for you.
7622	Having an appointment helps you prevent any unnecessary waiting around by letting you choose a time that suits you to give blood.
7623	Having a pump these past nine years has also made me realise how much technology can help when you’re pregnant.
7624	Having a spacious car park close to the centre will help your conference to get underway as soon as possible and ensure that your guests don’t waste time looking for parking spaces and walking to the venue.
7625	Having a suite of materials that potential clients can refer to and recruitment agents can use to market you is a great way to build credibility and help you stand out in a crowded market place.
7626	Having a video screen backgound doesn't equate to high quality producition.
7627	Having been a frequent visitor to Disney World Orlando I was a bit concerned it would be cramped.
7628	Having been at Whitgift since 1995, he has also been involved with the School’s numerous Sixth Form activities, the development of the BTEC qualifications, rugby, athletics and swimming.
7629	Having been greatly improved by the current owner this one is not to be missed and an internal viewing is highly advised to avoid disappointment.
7630	Having been greeted by a grand and warm reception we were seated in a chic, modern, restaurant where it became obvious this was a place for every occasion.
7631	Having been involved with the scouting community since the age of six, Adam is now leader of the first Woodbridge Scouts.
7632	Having been made a shareholder in 2015 my time with John Banks seems 24/7 but I am a motor dealership man at heart and love the business we are in and the people I meet every day of the week."
7633	Having been on the Fast Stream and continuously being assessed against a set standard and compared to others I've been told many times I need to 'be more confident'.
7634	Having been rated 31st among his peers in the 1980 European Free Handicap, Shergar commenced his Classic season as a 33/1 ante-post chance for the Derby.
7635	Having best interests at heart, your local Shuttercraft will be able to give expert advice on the best window coverings for you, providing a guiding hand to let you choose the right products for your home.
7636	Having both parents as artists was also a big influence as I had a very creative upbringing and was always drawing animals as a kid.
7637	Having dealt with the incident, we were then directed back to the vehicles in order to head to our accommodation for the night.
7638	Having defended his world title in America and Monte Carlo, McDonnell knows what to do, but it will take a masterclass from the Yorkshireman to escape Tokyo with his belt.
7639	Having fallen for the Bournemouth and Poole area as well as Marjolaine, Andrew was keen to head back this way: “We were planning for the future, and I thought it would be a great place to bring up a family.
7640	Having gained the full range of accreditations at our very own Gymophobics Training Academy in Stafford, Trish has put her expertise to good use to help members achieve amazing results.
7641	Having gone beyond through numerous echelons of advancement, Orissa has not compromised on its talented picturesque beauty.
7642	Having her bum raised up even just a few inches is a game changer for me because my neck doesn’t strain and for her because I’m able to go down on her so much longer and I don’t have to stop and breathe as much.
7643	Having joined the company just over a year ago, network engineer Robert McLean recently completed the Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching certification.
7644	Having just completed my Part I, I am now moving on to begin my Part II which is a specialist placement in one area, lasting approximately two years.
7645	Having lived in Nigeria all his life, the choice to come to the UK for higher education was for him, a life-changing and monumental decision which transformed his outlook on life and will no doubt shape his path for years to come.
7646	Having measles is the best possible way to ensure a child’s lifelong health.
7647	Having now completed my degree I am moving back to my birthplace and home in the Isle of Man where there is a plethora of inspiration for me to continue my work.
7648	Having passed on this wisdom, I unwound in the company of a senior newspaper-man who was about to retire after many years spent passing on his trade to students.
7649	Having power involves taking it from someone else, then using it to dominate, and prevent others from gaining it.
7650	Having profound experience of coping with various professional and cultural backgrounds is something I will definitely benefit from in my future – in career terms and privately.
7651	Having read the walk reports, I was expecting a quagmire, but it seems that the track has improved since then.
7652	Having recently acquired a new allotment I am going down that long road of making it friendly for food growing once more.
7653	Having represented defendants in those circumstances more times than I care to remember, I know that although district judges go out of their way to try to ensure that there is fair procedure, they cannot step outside the boundary of their judicial role.
7654	Having said that, if people buy too many tickets or this becomes popular it’s a lot to lose each week!
7655	Having sealed unit double glazed uPVC window to side elevation, uPVC door with window to rear elevation, wall light points, smoke alarm, television aerial connection point and fireplace with living flame style electric fire.
7656	Having spent 14 years aboard tankers and container ships, Captain Rahul knows about issues that affect the industry, including safety and cyber threats.
7657	Having styled her blonde locks in loose curls, the starlet completed the look wth lashings of red lipstick and larger-than-life lashes.
7658	Having survived four set darts for Chisnall in the decisive seventh set when the scores were locked at 3-3, the Scot punished his opponent to seal the deal.
7659	Having the car serviced 2morrow tha might solve the problem (hopefully).
7660	Having the right workstation is critical in creating a safe and healthy work environment and can have a huge impact on employees with a disability, helping them deliver to their full potential but also preventing claims of discrimination.
7661	Having three bathrooms will make all the difference in that morning rush!
7662	Having too much cobalt could be harmful.
7663	Having twin up and over remote controlled electric doors, power and lighting.
7664	Having UPVC double glazing and gas central heating the property provides: Lounge, kitchen, first floor landing, two bedrooms (a double and single bedroom) and shower room/ WC.
7665	"Having water services tailored to my business would be a big help"
7666	Having worked for solicitors myself I know how much pressure they can be under.
7667	Having worked in the energy sector for a number of years, SOCOTEC is an established provider to key players in the energy sector, including some of the UK’s major generators.
7668	Having your own car on hand means you don't have to rely on a taxi service.
7669	Hawes & Curtis is a clothes shop selling a variety of formal and fashion shirts and accessories for men and women.
7670	Hayley Caine of Selling Made Easier, a Boost & Co partner, looks at ways Lancashire business owners can improve performance by thinking about selling in a different way.
7671	Hays has regional offices in Nottingham, Derby, Leicester and Chesterfield, employs over 10,800 people in 33 countries and is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year.
7672	Hazel said: “I will be performing in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, playing Mrs Lovett the evil pie maker, and also playing Miss Hannigan in Annie.
7673	Hazel volunteers for 2 half-day shifts a week as a Generalist Adviser, providing advice to people on a range of topics, including employment, housing, wills and consumer issues, both by phone and face-to-face.
7674	He accused the Open Society Foundation of collaborating with “foreign agents” to undermine Macedonia’s government.
7675	He accused Washington of putting international peace at risk and said the situation was “very dangerous”.
7676	Headache attacks can last from a few minutes to several hours and can occur many times a day, over several days.
7677	Head cutters Campbell Carey and Dario Carnera advise that you always wear trousers that are worn with braces as there is nothing worse than the sight of a shirt peeking out from the bottom of your waistcoat.
7678	He added: “I’m hoping if I can win this title I can do the same one day, but my mindset is just on bringing this title back with me.
7679	He added: “I still feel really young, I don’t feel my age.
7680	He added: “It will be interesting to see how many little Christians and Anastasias arrive in nine months’ time.”
7681	He added: “Our Managing Director, Paul McVittie, started as an apprentice engineer at Mitchell Dryers and worked there for 10 years before he left to set up CAD Works.
7682	He added that he had pleaded guilty to causing Mrs Brown’s death by careless driving “because I caused the accident by being across the road” but denied his driving was dangerous.
7683	He added that his wife was paralysed and if this lad had to go the consequences would be more serious still.
7684	He added that this is a strategy being employed all over the borough, highlighting the application to turn Crewe’s Market Hall into a meeting place for the town centre.
7685	He added: “The feedback from students so far has been positive.
7686	He added: "The large sniffing noses underpin the need to call the Emergency Gas number if they smell gas".
7687	He added: “We feel extremely confident that Pride will continue to flourish within the Sunbelt organization.”
7688	He added: “We have worked hard to secure significant growth and with that comes the opportunity to take on another nine people for key roles across the business.
7689	He added: “We want people behind us, no matter whether we win, lose or draw.”
7690	He adds: 'Managers should invest time letting staff know about the dangers of scams.
7691	Header tags are used to define HTML headings.
7692	Head gardeners will also be on hand to offer top planting tips.
7693	HEADINGLEY’S Abigail Taylor is applying a scientific approach to her golf game and it is helping the talented 12-year-old find a winning formula in events at all levels.
7694	Head on over to the official retailer page when you continue with "Go to shop".
7695	Head out of the office at lunchtime for a quick bite to eat and maybe buy a snack for mid-afternoon when your energy levels plummet.
7696	Head over to our online shop to browse our full collection.
7697	Head over to your preferred ASK Italian, Zizzi or Prezzo restaurant for a delicious three course meal, chosen from a tempting set menu and accompanied by.
7698	Head pastry Chef Aberdeen 4* Rosette Hotel - £30,000 Live in Platinum Recruitment s Chef Division is currently representing a bustling 4 star rosette hotel in Aberdeen and we have a fantastic opportunity for a Head Pastry Chef to join their team.
7699	Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, ACS has been developing software and providing implementation and consulting services for publishers since 1979."
7700	Headquartered in Paris, L’Oréal is the world’s largest cosmetics and beauty products company with sales in 2014 of €25.3bn.
7701	‘Head teachers are not so intimidated by the idea of riding now; they realise it isn’t as high-risk as the media makes out and that it’s a good way of getting pupils motivated and enabling more children to represent their school.
7702	Headteachers would be responsible for reporting this information to school governors and the main Governor for Safeguarding would be involved, as well as the lead Officer for Safeguarding.
7703	Head to the beautiful Hebridean island of Jura for one of Scotland’s most memorable hill walks.
7704	Head towards the 199 steps and watch the shadow dancing at St Mary’s Church and explore Whitby Abbey at its best under the moonlight before heading back into town.
7705	He advocated a balanced approach to protect the public purse whilst building new homes at the required rate.
7706	He also continued with his photographic career.
7707	He also enjoys sharing his passion with others, especially those who wish to take their photography to the next level, and offers workshops on a 1-2-1 or small group basis.
7708	He also found time to indulge in an intense but platonic relationship with a married woman, Nancy Mclehose, which in its ending produced one of his greatest songs, ‘Ae fond kiss’.
7709	He also helped start the Co-Op movement in the 1820s and spread the message through a magazine called the Co-Operator.
7710	He also insisted that the council had not objected to the Northern Neighbourhood development, but wanted the applicant to pay for the highways improvements and for them to be finished before people moved into the new homes.
7711	He also questioned the promised IT reforms and whether funding and poor IT systems would turnout to be a solution or a problem.
7712	He also reconstructed the Mugdock Castle stables and built offices and a washhouse in the inner courtyard.
7713	He also represented the at regular meetings and at the conferences held at four-yearly intervals.
7714	He also served as President and CEO of GE Capital Retail Finance (Synchrony Financial), successfully guiding it through a period where the business doubled in size.
7715	He also took the first X-ray of the human spine.
7716	He also won a youth category at Bolsover and District CC’s Hardwick Hall Hill Climb by 14 seconds in a 2mins 28secs.
7717	He also won the British Modern Biathlon Championships and Under 15 Boys’ British Schools Modern Biathlon and Under 14 boys Modern Triathlon.
7718	“Health and fitness to most people means how fast or far they can run or how heavy a weight can be lifted, or winning a sports match.
7719	Health and safety for a factory owner can be a huge headache.
7720	‘Health and Safety’ is often incorrectly used as a convenient excuse to stop what are essentially sensible activities going ahead.
7721	Healthcare and social care are important public services that all of us need at some time during our lives.
7722	Healthcare waste which is infectious or hazardous is classed as 'clinical waste' and must be collected separately for safe disposal.
7723	Healthcode offers three versions of its ePractice system.
7724	Health HR UK specialise in providing next generation shared services, HR, procurement, finance and talent solutions to the public and private sectors.
7725	Health impacts of exposure to second hand smoke (SHS) amongst a highly exposed workforce - survey of London casino workers., 7 (257).
7726	Health & Safety Executive (HSE) shapes and reviews regulations, produces research and statistics and enforces the law relating to health and safety.
7727	Healthy & Holistic is a health organisation specialising in alternative medicines and treatments.
7728	He and a team covered the front of the building with phrases poking fun at the Germans.
7729	He and Poehler make a great double act as a suburban couple attempting to become more street.
7730	He answered all the questions nicely and when he took me for a ride to show me all the features of the car he was exceedingly helpful.
7731	He appreciates for that number to increase, the product on the pitch must improve first and be maintained over a period of time.
7732	Heard then shot from outside the area again five minutes later but was wide of the target after Yusuff had played the ball up to him.
7733	He argued that although there is increasing uptake of smart technology for remote working purposes, it is a "step too far" to suggest that the standard working day is a thing of the past.
7734	Hearing about the real cases you are working on – no matter how big or small, how rare or routine – can be very useful, inspiring and informative for your fellow activists.
7735	Hearing Dogs for Deaf People partnered with Paperchase in 1995.
7736	Hearing from the Lorna McNulty, she commented, “I knew from the outset that it was going to be a challenging project, especially as it came about just after Christmas.
7737	Hearing loss affects millions of people worldwide, with an estimated 14.5 million people being affected in the UK by 2031.
7738	Hearn claims the Khan-Brook fight has only grown following Saturday night.
7739	Hear Taize chants or worship songs as you meditate.
7740	Heart of Midlothian were involved in a pretty dull affair at Ibrox last weekend with the home side running out 2-1 winners at the final whistle.
7741	Heart of Wales Golf Breaks will arrange your accommodation and all tee times and dates.
7742	He asked the Council to go back to these figures and look at them again, especially over the past 12 months.
7743	He asked them to imagine the ingredients that would make their own fantasy festival.
7744	Heather dominates the moorland of the North York Moors National Park.
7745	Heating failure or inability to sufficiently warm school to reasonable and acceptable levels.
7746	Heavyweight Haye injured his Achilles when the pair first met in March and was pulled out late in the contest as he trailed on points.
7747	Hebden Bridge has long been one of those communities far easier to caricature than to characterise.
7748	He became a Chartered Engineer, a Fellow of the Institute of Production Engineering and a member of the Institute of Mechanical Engineering and the Institute of Electrical Engineers.
7749	He became chairman of the Mid District selectors.
7750	He believes the crucial element of a racehorse trainer is to “know the ability of the horse, before it arrives at a race course.
7751	He believes when people are inspired, they do more.
7752	He brought the seven week old Staffordshire Bull Terriers straight into Battersea, where vets were on hand within minutes to give them a thorough check over.
7753	He buries his head in the sand and I get embarrassed talking about what we should be aiming for when we are 80.
7754	“He can come and claim his free pint then as well.
7755	He can now be found playing acting CIA director Banks in State of Affairs on telly and lives in LA with his wife, Heather, and three kids.
7756	He cautions against wide and permissive interpretations of their rules and standards and underlines the centrality of transparency and accountability obligations.
7757	He charges £750 to £1,000 for the UK-wide service, boasting that one of the five bikes, a Suzuki Hayabusa, was recorded as the world’s fastest motorcycle hearse by Guinness World Records.
7758	He circulated copies of the consultation document.
7759	He clearly played for love because right up until the tragic accident on Tuesday morning he was turning out for Egerton FC in the Cheshire League, a return to the muck and nettles he had seen as a youngster.
7760	He collected Chinese porcelain and Japanese antiquities.
7761	He confirmed police have carried out checks locally and helped the community council set up a community speedwatch scheme.
7762	He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
7763	He continued: “It wouldn’t be in competition with other bus services, it wouldn’t go to nearby villages like Holt or Sheringham or North Walsham, it would be more of a circular route around Cromer.”
7764	He continues: "Often powdered detergents can actually go much further due to dilution rates and higher concentration.
7765	He could have been shot but he saved us.
7766	He couples it to his complaining names.
7767	He deserves great credit for his achievement.
7768	He did an incredible job working across technology and marketing and launched the much-loved project management app.
7769	He did not confirm whether this would be a solo project or under the Lightning Seeds name, though he strongly suggested that he would be releasing new material in 2008.
7770	He did not make threats against his person, as claimed by JT.
7771	He didn’t like reality.
7772	He did so because he valued more highly the panoramic view of the great German writers on art, Burckhardt, Riegl, Wöllflin and Warburg.
7773	He did well for us and gave his all but Grays has to come first.
7774	He directed research relating to both animals and plants in the Queen Elizabeth National Park and took over the existing game counts and surveys.
7775	He does have some health needs which are currently being investigated, including having some genetic testing.
7776	He doesn’t get the simple stuff like…. not understanding that BT were only going to do 2/3rds and that’s it for now.
7777	"He doesn't play games with people," Walsh said of Miller.
7778	He does so using normal mainstream inflation figures and his own approach based on the monetary equivalent of labour time (MELT).
7779	He’d seen Colton Fretter thrown out the game for slashing and his “abusive” protests earned him an exclusion from the bench.
7780	He emphasised that there are more products such as these coming on to the market, which in turn means that more professional landlords are likely to emerge.
7781	He experimented with alternative ways of powering his overland journeys.
7782	He explained that they could only operate in specific areas defined by the police.
7783	He famously argued that: “A spider conducts operations which resemble those of a weaver, and a bee would put many a human architect to shame by the construction of its honeycomb cells.
7784	He felt that many did not understand that nearly 80% of the work that the Police carried out did not relate to fighting crime.
7785	He flew back from Spain for the interview.
7786	He further included a number of illustrations, together with the histories of a small number of Welsh independent chapels in England.
7787	He gives useful tips on which flowers and vegetables to grow, optimal watering and how to harden off young plants.
7788	He glanced over the back of the bench, dilating his nostrils, and thought as little of exchanging civilities with me as with my companion the cat.
7789	He got involved with starting a local community association to improve my area and was then encouraged to take it one step further and stand to be a councillor.
7790	HE granted licence to imparl to octave of Trinity, with assent of JE.
7791	He had a medical condition and it was hard to turn him away, he was very upset.
7792	He had been hounded by some journalists about his own personal Christian faith and, in particular, about his views on sin and sexuality.
7793	He had intended to create a book of his project on the wrestling at Battersea Town Hall.
7794	He had travelled from Romford station to Liverpool Street before switching to the Circle Line to reach Embankment.
7795	He has also been instrumental in the service design of all ANS’ current Managed Service offerings as well as the structure and personnel of the teams that executive them on a daily basis.
7796	“He has an incredible amount of natural talent and enthusiasm which is being nurtured the right way, and the sky is the limit in terms of what he can achieve in the future.”
7797	He has been charged with 11 counts of indecent assault and one of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity.
7798	He has clearly heard the important points that my right hon.
7799	He has completed the Marathon Des Sables, a one hundred and sixty mile, six day, self sufficient race across the Sahara Desert.
7800	“He has delivered all that has been asked of him and there is no stronger way for a Police and Crime Commissioner to demonstrate their support to their Chief Constable than to extend their FTA.”
7801	He has developed specialist knowledge of professional service firms which include legal practices, accountants and barristers and is regularly presenting on LLP structures to firms around the country.
7802	He has failed miserably in providing a clear strategic path to Palestinian statehood.
7803	He has functional leadership responsibility for human resources and communications across 6,000 employees.
7804	He has held P&L responsibility for £350m+ organisations and leadership experience of headcounts exceeding 4,000.
7805	He has his propaganda channel in the form of his weekly Shuttle column which he uses to attack opponents and propagate Tory mantra as fact and without challenge; he also gets the right of reply in these articles, again without challenge.
7806	He has known the time is right to retire for many months now, and he is looking forward to remaining in the game with the RPA.
7807	He has made around a hundred recordings in repertoire spanning eight centuries.
7808	He has managed our personal wealth very effectively, is entirely trustworthy, reliable and a pleasure to deal with.
7809	He has not seen Henry LORD’s “DISCOVERY…”
7810	He has played in 16 of their 19 games in the competition this season including their 44-25 defeat of the Ospreys at the Free State Stadium in September.
7811	He has qualified the accounts on these grounds every year since tax credits were introduced in 2003-04.
7812	He has since paid £391,437.11, leaving £358,562.89 outstanding from the original order.
7813	He has worked for many years with individuals suffering the impact of personality disorder on themselves and on their families.
7814	He holds a bachelor's degree in international politics and economics from Wesleyan University.
7815	He holds BSc (Eng), MSc (Eng), and PhD degrees from the University of the Witwatersrand.
7816	He hopes to connect a…
7817	He indicated that it will be a simple continuity bill which will bring forward further primary and secondary legislation.
7818	He inferred that the strongest and most intellectual men would breed successfully, while women would be selected only on the basis of attractiveness.
7819	He initially started work with his uncle, who was Works Manager at a general engineering firm, Mephan Ferguson (some reports say Richard Parks), in north Melbourne.
7820	He is a beautiful soul, always full of love and affection.
7821	He is a big friendly Giant and already has proven to farther an amazing Litter!
7822	He is a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences.
7823	He is a fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants and was group finance director of The Stationery Office before joining Archant.
7824	He is a Fellow of the IDM, has contributed to books by Dave Chaffey and PR Smith and is a regular keynote speaker at conferences.
7825	He is a Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales.
7826	He is a huge advocate of his local music and arts culture and is involved in many different projects.
7827	He is also able to include numerous practical examples that clarify common application issues and challenges.
7828	He is also a member of the MOD National Employer Advisory Board.
7829	He is also the author of two collections entitled Leçons de cinéma (published in 2004 and 2006), featuring a series of interviews with directors, including Jean-Luc Godard, David Lynch, Martin Scorsese and Wong Kar-Wai.
7830	He is also the co-manager of the F&C High Income Plan and the F&C Active Return Fund.
7831	He is also urging everyone in Watnall who is against the scheme to send their objections to Broxtowe Borough Council, which is expected to next discuss the application later this month.
7832	He is dedicated to training the next generation of scientists, with several who are now successful professors or senior scientists.
7833	He is described as white, 5ft 9ins tall, and of large build.
7834	He is one of a very distinguished group of Club Captains to receive silverware on behalf of Norwich City during its 115-year history.
7835	He is one of a very select group of seven railwaymen who have been awarded the Victoria Cross so we are all very proud of him.”
7836	He is on the phone.
7837	He is particularly opposed to US imperialism and is a big fan of Noam Chomsky.
7838	He is really good at what he is doing.
7839	He is really proud to work with a passionate team of staff who are all committed to making a difference in young people’s lives through youth work.
7840	He is said to have come up with idea for the book The Adventure of the Dancing Men during a stay at the pub in 1905.
7841	He is seen as an authority and pre-eminent contributor on the Indian economy and investments and was one of only two people from India to be elected as a member of the London Stock Exchange over 20 years ago.
7842	"He is someone I have monitored for a while now and he has a proven record at this level.
7843	He is still being questioned by officers," a police spokesman said.
7844	He is sweet with people and has shown no aggression to them at all.
7845	He is the author of Intimate Bureaucracies Artificial Mythologies (1997) and has edited or co-edited volumes on (2007).
7846	He is the founder of the charity Urban Lawyers, a social empowerment project designed to educate, engage and stimulate discussion amongst young people in relation to Law.
7847	He is unhappy about decisions made by Westminster and was “very angry” about being dragged into the war in Iraq: “Scots wouldn’t have gone for that.”
7848	He joined Mazars from Grant Thornton in May 2013 where he worked for seven years handling all forms of disputes and tax investigations by HM Revenue & Customs including defending clients’ appeals to the First Tier and Upper Tax Tribunals.
7849	He joined the University in June 2015 as Vice President and Dean of the Faculty of Science and Engineering and Professor of Chemistry.
7850	He joins the club from Aston Villa following a three year spell there.
7851	He just knocked the cover off the ball, no hesitation, and just went after him and stayedon the offensive as much as he possibly could.
7852	He just looks very wise, doesn’t he?
7853	Held at Stoke D''A bernon Village Hall every wednesday at 7pm till 8.30pm.
7854	Held in Farnham for the last three years and this year moving to Rushmoor Arena in Aldershot, Let's Love Life is both the name of the festival and the message that Duane wants to get across to people.
7855	Held on the first weekend of August, this great day out for chilli enthusiasts, food lovers and families is billed as the Hottest Day Out in Dorset!
7856	He left LFC for LA Galaxy at the end of the 2014-15 season before retiring from playing.
7857	Helen and Douglas House charity shops also sell furniture at low cost.
7858	Helen Gore, who is also a committee member, added: “When we set up the committee, the chapel had just closed; it’s now a private house.
7859	Helen has taken a step back from legal practice to focus on her family.
7860	Helen Vinsen, spokesperson for the GoGoHares!
7861	“He lived his life how he wanted and got worse as he got older.
7862	He lives in Los Angeles, California.
7863	He lives over the border in west Dorset.
7864	He’ll be performing a full set of his hits in what will be a UK festival exclusive and his only London show of 2017.
7865	Hello and thank you for visiting my profile.
7866	“He looked happy and healthy, honestly he looked really well and was dead sound to everyone who recognised him.
7867	He loves to help feed and move the livestock and accompanies the vet during his weekly visits to Wallacefield Farm, near Armathwaite.
7868	Help Ashford become a greener place to live and by making a pledge to recycle just one more bottle a day.
7869	Helpfully, you can reduce this risk through what is called 'diversification'.
7870	Helping parents and young people understand the SEN system and what is happening with their child or themselves and assisting them to fill out views forms for Statutory Assessment for an Education and Health Care Plan (EHCP).
7871	Helping people to do better, more purposeful business is what motivates her.
7872	Helping you to flag up British made beds.
7873	Help make the business more customer focused.
7874	HELP TO FIND, can't find the right property?
7875	Help us celebrate the 50th Anniversary of our Kiel - Gothenburg route.
7876	Help us plan our next community event and win a F&M hamper!
7877	Help us protect sexually exploited and abused children.
7878	Help us train people to get online in our community centres and sheltered schemes.
7879	Helvellyn to me is a real mixture of the place where I work but also where I come and enjoy myself.
7880	He made a note of all of the points made and will report back at a further meeting in 3 month's time.
7881	He made some extraordinarily serious points.
7882	He married a Suffolk woman, Louisa Dunnell, and they had 10 children among whom were two extraordinary daughters.
7883	He mentioned many local businesses and restaurants, in particular Tom Kerridge.
7884	He might play it this way, he might play it that way, and I might play it the other way.
7885	He murdered 13 women and attacked several others.
7886	He must also pay £200 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
7887	Hence developers are looking more towards the major operators (who over the last years have moved to “asset light” which is now being rebranded as “asset right”) to provide financial guarantees and support for new developments.
7888	Hence, in a given year, some of the 'other projects' may be designated as ineligible for DTP funding.
7889	Hence on Mull in June 2003 I didn't count the Marilyn / Graham until I'd reached the top of Cruachan Dearg, despite having climbed Corra-bheinn a few minutes earlier.
7890	Hence, several social trading platforms came into the market to help the new investors in this matter.
7891	Hence their persistence in the face of the polite refusal to run the propaganda piece.
7892	Henley did not want to take their foot off the gas and Verran and Hanna Webber kept the opposition under pressure with their passing while Ella Shute made some great strides towards Aylesbury’s goal.
7893	Henley Town Council has already followed the society’s advice and rejected the county’s proposals.
7894	He not only learnt me to drive, but to drive safely and this is the most importance aspect of driving.
7895	Henry did mind that this had happened.
7896	He observed that the certitude of the mold killed or prevented the upswing of the bacteria.
7897	He obtained the rank of Major and remained in the US Air Force Reserve until October 1955 when he was given an Honorable Discharge from the United States Air Force.
7898	He offers the following tips on making the most of your experience: Any work, volunteering or work experience you do overseas should be added to your CV.
7899	He often found himself on the substitutes' bench or out of the matchday squad and it is perhaps little surprise that his deal has not been extended.
7900	He often spoke of his vision for a Middle East in which Israel could co-exist in harmony with its Arab neighbours, sharing water and trading freely.
7901	He once told me he was working on some for Wirral.
7902	He passed away around 15 years ago now.
7903	He played for them until it all finished and then went to Immanuel and Great Harwood amateur teams.
7904	He pleaded guilty to taking a vehicle without the owner’s consent, handling stolen goods, driving whilst disqualified, driving without insurance, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence, and possession of a Class A drug.
7905	He pleaded not guilty, his barrister arguing that his client was insane due to alcoholism.
7906	He practised at the Bar for a further 12 years before joining Lightfoots in 2004 as our In-house Barrister, providing specialist Civil Litigation advice to our various departments.
7907	He provided the first demonstration of hormone-elicited, messenger-mediated ion channel activation.
7908	He provides a measured assessment of multinational managements' strategies to downsize, introduce flexible production and compel workers to accept less pay for more work.
7909	'He put a ring on it!'
7910	He put forward a resolution praising Lewisham Hospital for its award of an "excellent" grade for.
7911	“He put his paw right down my back - right down the middle.
7912	Her academic background is in Bioscience, with a specialist bio-molecular and biotechnological-molecular curriculum.
7913	He raised many a laugh with his larger-than-life portrayal of the story’s one-legged antagonist – complete with pirate accent and exaggerated limp.
7914	Her annual report, published today, said that one of the functions of education is to spread the values and culture that bind us as a society.
7915	Her appearance is said to be linked with events in the lives of the Campbell family who are the hereditary keepers of the castle.
7916	Her artwork is truly beautiful, and the way she paints a live interpretation of your wedding throughout the day is genius.
7917	Her biggest challenge is paying for the food and vet bills, which cost around £15,000 a year.
7918	Her brother, Jamie, is 13 and sister, Ella, is 12. Sienna was born with Dravet syndrome, a rare and catastrophic form of epilepsy.
7919	Herbs and head saws, leeches and lavendar - exploring medieval medicine.
7920	Her collaboration with Henry Goodman in Strauss’ epic melodrama Enoch Arden, has resulted in a recent CD, also for Deux-Elles.
7921	Her confidence evaporated.
7922	Her courage and charisma were inspirational.
7923	Her daughter is currently studying at Gloucestershire College doing a BTEC in Drama whilst working at McDonald's part-time and it fits in well with all here extra-curricular activities.
7924	Her death was totally unexpected, and was made so much worse by the fact that her condition had been undetected.
7925	Her desperate ‘lefties are all the same’ argument was never going to play well in court and a not remotely contrite Hopkins was duly ordered to pay the triumphant Monroe £24,000 in damages.
7926	Here, an individual will be required to enter his/her name and e-mail address in order to receive an automatically generated Government Gateway user ID.
7927	Here are a few videos that offer advice to people trying to understand SEO.
7928	Here are my top 5 tips for creating a successful National Stationery Show booth, if you are interested…
7929	Here are our selection of Guesthouses in Aberdeen in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
7930	Here are our tips to get you started.
7931	Here are our top 10 Scottish gardens – just a tiny slice of what’s waiting for you.
7932	Here are some more pigeon decoying ‘gizmos’ from inventor Ray Aldridge.
7933	Here are some of Ikea’s most pivotal designs, launched under his time in charge.
7934	Here are some simple ways you can help:-
7935	Here are ten of the best places to catch a glimpse of breathtaking Cotswold scenery.
7936	Here are the things that you actually want to write, but never do.
7937	Here at CS Healthcare, we offer a choice of two plans that cater for different needs and budgets.
7938	Here at Day Out With The Kids we've found 272 fun things to do in March for you and the family to discover, including parks and playgrounds.
7939	Here at Day Out With The Kids we've found 73 fun things to do in Gloucestershire for you and the family to discover.
7940	Here at D&B, we really feel that data science can help improve this situation and ultimately the data we provide to our customers.
7941	Here at Four Seasons Fencing, we offer a wide range of trellis and lattice including; diamond, omega, privacy, fan and square.
7942	Here at Glow Dental in Battersea, we understand that not all dental treatment can be planned and sometimes it can come at a difficult time.
7943	Here at Harlequin Print and Packaging, we are huge advocates of print, keen to promote ways in which printing can enhance the digitally-savvy time that we find ourselves in.
7944	Here at HSB we really care about climate change and what we can do to help reduce our own carbon footprint within the School.
7945	Here at JD, we have the freshest colourways in our men’s range, including the JD exclusive white and grey Air Max 1 Essential.
7946	Here at Merry Maids Chester-le-Street, we do not give quotations over the phone, we come out to see your property and to find out your requirements in person.
7947	Here at Rave Fireworks we can provide a reduced noise display for any event or occasion.
7948	Here at SUMO Drinks there has certainly been plenty going on.
7949	Here at the Cathedral we run an ever-popular course for people who are interested in becoming a Catholic, or who want to learn more about…
7950	He recalled that earlier this year President Guebuza launched an initiative on mother and child care to bring down the mortality rates.
7951	He received a PhD from the University of Bristol and subsequent postdoctoral training from the University of Oxford.
7952	He received serious injuries including a cut to the head and partial loss of vision in one eye.
7953	Here comes the Sun at last.
7954	He recovered the shortfall from his previous solicitors.
7955	Here customers can browse the furniture and homeware range or order items to be collected at a later date.
7956	He referred to the cost of solar.
7957	Here he offers his own 12 point plan that underpins his success.
7958	Here he provides an overview of what you need to be aware of with the upcoming new standards for SRF.
7959	Here his research took a more serious aspect.
7960	Here, I echo what the noble Baroness, Lady Hollis, said.
7961	Here in Dumfries and Galloway we have a quieter buzz than the city but the problems experienced by couples and families are similar to those experienced throughout Scotland.
7962	Here is a selection of pictures of northern Yorkshire from them.
7963	Here is a small sample of the kind of questions we ask in order to design the governing document that suits your individual organisational structure.
7964	Here is some more information about the four topics not mentioned in the video.
7965	Here is Stampton (left) with convicted Loyalist gun runner (yes, it is an Italian name, and yes, he is Catholic.
7966	Here is what one helpful family member who came with us thought of the…
7967	Here it is - the industry’s verdict on the latest set of figures from Purplebricks.
7968	Here I was on my first holiday of the year thinking, “why did I set this challenge?”
7969	He remains in a stable condition at the University Hospital of North Staffordshire.
7970	Here, one determined denier explains how those little dots finally won her over.
7971	Here’s a picture of most of the team toasting life last week at our summer drinks.
7972	Here’s a special treat for lovers of the classic Ealing Comedies.
7973	Here’s a summary of what we heard from suppliers and buyers.
7974	Here's how to create it at home.
7975	Here’s one from a commercial shoot I was on yesterday photographing some new apartments in Shoreditch.
7976	Here's our guide to 5 of the most interesting facts you never knew about Kia: They used to make bicycle parts Founded in 1944 on the outskirts of Seoul, Kia initially started as a manu.
7977	Here’s our quick checklist of top tips to think about if you’e planning to move home, whether you’re renting or buying.
7978	Here, they will attend master classes and workshops hosted by digital and industry experts to learn the skills that will hone their ideas with the aim of producing a 'dragons den-style' presentation to a panel of expert judges.
7979	Here, turn left and half back on yourself on the cycleway indicating Chester Green, Little Eaton and City Centre.
7980	Here, users sat on a bench looking at a screen that displayed their image and a host of animated characters coming up to them, sitting down, and generally interacting with the participants.
7981	Here, we discuss recent advances in simian adenovirus vaccine vector development and evaluate current research specifically focusing on clinical trial data.
7982	Here, we explain what we mean when we talk about "ambiguous loss".
7983	Here we faced Downend School, who had been scoring freely in winning their group.
7984	Here we present the genome of E. histolytica, which reveals a variety of metabolic adaptations shared with two other amitochondrial protist pathogens: Giardia lamblia and Trichomonas vaginalis.
7985	Here, we report the fine mapping of this locus using data from 104,660 subjects from 50 case-control studies in the Breast Cancer Association Consortium (BCAC).
7986	Here we review the technique, and with brief reference to the salient biochemistry, discuss its potential applications within cardiology.
7987	Here we show that the immunohistochemical expression of the tumor-associated CA IX is correlated with the level of hypoxia in human cervical tumors.
7988	Here we’ve got education.
7989	Here Wincle CofE Primary School, Wincle, Macclesfield, SK11 0QH, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
7990	Here you can visit the restored houses built into the rocks where you can soak up the atmosphere of the homes and listen to expert guides tell you about the history and heritage of the area - families lived in the houses right up until the 1960s.
7991	Here you’ll be closely monitored until you wake up and your condition is stable.
7992	Here you’ll find ideas that can help you identify clients, overcome objections, and make it easier to recommend Healthier Solutions.
7993	Here you’ll see ‘browse’ (tree branches) hanging from the ceiling for the rhinos to munch.
7994	Here you will find an exhibition of photos taken by local people from around the borough.
7995	Her fate afterwards is not recorded.
7996	Her favourite combination, however, is not French, Italian or even Greek.
7997	Her first degree was in Child Development, second degree was Early Childhood studies and her third degree was Curriculum and Instruction.
7998	Her fused pieces begin life as two layers of glass with materials such as glass powder, copper wire and foil sandwiched between them.
7999	Heritage assets must be recognised as an ‘irreplaceable resource’‘conserve in a manner appropriate to their significance’, and this requires them to be fully understood in their heritage context (NPPF paragraph 126).
8000	Her language skills and family links in Germany facilitated these efforts to build international links between students.
8001	Her last novel was completed in October 2011.
8002	Her next novel The Sudden Appearance of Hope won the 2017 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel, and her recent book The End of the Day has been shortlisted for the 2017 Sunday Times/PFD Young Writer of the Year Award.
8003	Her personality and enthusiasm can’t help but rub off on you and the accuracy of the behaviour profiles was amazing.
8004	Her professional life was in education and in the last 11 years of her working life she was Deputy Head and then Acting Head at a large independent school in Oldham.
8005	Her projects ranged from financial services to aircraft maintenance, and from Warsaw to Malta.
8006	Her research has received funding form the South African Medical Research Council and the NYU Global Research Institute.
8007	Her skills extend to a range of taxation issues including personal, partnership and corporation tax.
8008	Hertford, gent., containing several bequests in favour of Llantarnam Abbey, 1 July 1532, proved at Canterbury, 3 December 1532 (photocopy of Public Record Office, Prob 11.24).
8009	Her Ultimate Facial Rejuvenation Program combines the wisdom of the Traditional Chinese Medicine and modern electro micro-current technology for outstanding results.
8010	Her unfinished autobiography Annals of my Glasshouse was written in 1874 and published in 1889.
8011	He runs 12 activities which help to bring local residents closer together, including delivering medicines, a walk and talk group and IT learning.
8012	Her work has been invaluable and we look forward to continuing to have Jackie’s support as the project develops.
8013	Her work is supported with two different new methods: Soft Tap?, a very comforting manual method and Noveau Contour, the latest computerized machine - highly sophisticated equipment for permanent make-up.
8014	Her writing style is earnest, wonderfully conversational, sparkles with wit, and is completely without pretension.
8015	He's a creative director of Black Dog Television (an independent production company) where he develops scripted comedy and entertainment formats.
8016	He’s actually 20 now not 16. The interview was 3 hours long and we had no say in the edit.
8017	He said: “A factor here had been drink.
8018	He said: "Am I going to change my name to Captain Haddock?
8019	He said he committed to promoting diversity and equality and strives to be the voice of the most vulnerable within the community.
8020	He said he much preferred playing the game in private.
8021	He said his tone was because Mrs Evans had accused him of lying.
8022	He said: “I believe I will, yes.
8023	He said: "If Fabinho is to be my future team-mate?
8024	He said: “I started dancing two years ago.
8025	He said it’s our duty and our responsibility to resist the Bill and asked: “If not now, when?”
8026	He said: "It's supposed to be one of the nicest areas in London and it was absolutely disgusting.
8027	He said: “I’ve been a tractor enthusiast since I was a child, so I was delighted to get my hands on this Morris self-propelled mower which is an ongoing restoration project of mine.”
8028	He said: “Long term, it seems like you’ve got to have some sort of livestock enterprise because we’re depleting the resources in the soil.
8029	He said: “ My hope is to rekindle the interest in rag rug making as an artisanal activity to encourage local craft making activities.
8030	He said: "On the CCTV a figure can be seen on the footpath opposite the junction to Moorhouse Street and a vehicle travelling towards Springfield Road passes the figure.
8031	He said so a month later.
8032	He said that, aside from a witness who had reportedly described the people as “Muslim hoodies”, there was no other basis for the claim.
8033	He said that Havering needs more policing resources to deal with incidents like this.
8034	He said that, when these transactions took place, he had "normal confidence" in both Nyimpine and Anibalzinho.
8035	He said: "The ambiance here is designed to give a relaxed dining experience with a very upbeat and trendy feel.
8036	He said the camera had been taken from his locked suitcase at some time during his return journey, after the case had been checked-in at the airport.
8037	He said the case was “worthy of a Greek tragedy”.
8038	He said: “There’s a real buzz around the place and the girls are excited.
8039	He said there were two defects to the tyre on the Audi.
8040	He said: “They are all really successful, award-winning authors, so it was fascinating to spend time with them.
8041	He said: “They were the grades I was expecting.
8042	He said, “This ichthyosaur is an essential part of Nottingham’s scientific collection and I’d like to thank David for bringing it to my attention.
8043	'He said to me "I'm going to kill you"': Family of drive-by shooting victim reveal petrifying moment the attacker 'entered their home with a crowbar'
8044	He said we don’t want them to start investigating, we don’t need the aggravation.
8045	He said “We have to have a sport where a child can go to the very top of their sport without having to cheat, without risking their health and without having to look over their shoulder.”
8046	"He said 'You can kick off but I am going to call the game off as soon as it starts'."
8047	He's always buzzing about in his whirlybirdthingazellemachinetypewotnot.
8048	“He’s a really nice lad who works hard and is champing at the bit for his opportunity.
8049	He sat in the Assembly of the Republic for 15 years (from 1994 to 2009) as a deputy for the ruling Frelimo Party, and chaired the ad-hoc parliamentary commission that produced the constitutional amendments of 2004.
8050	He says he has had issues with Liberata, when the firm issued him payment demands based on incorrect move-out dates for his tenants.
8051	He says: “I found the show in the UK incredibly inspiring.
8052	He says most of the candidates are keen to hear about the issues and happy to engage with farmers.
8053	He says: “Tencent – think Facebook, Just Eat, Uber and Paypal all rolled into one company – is another business that is cashing in on the growing digital consumer spend.
8054	He's been tattooing since the age of 20, and now at 85, Doc is still inking people in his Union Street shop – and thoroughly enjoying it.
8055	He seems not to know what I mean, so I add, dramatically: “We’re talking about life and death here.”
8056	He sees them as the local fire brigades, reducing class struggle so that capital accumulation can continue smoothly.
8057	He served in the RAF through the Second World War and is the star name of our RAF XI.
8058	He's even got a for his art these days, with over 660 likes.
8059	He’s hopped off a plane on the other side of the world, driven to deepest, darkest Western Australia and has just finished his first gig Down Under.
8060	He shot four German troops and captured a number of prisoners, while his comrades lay injured around him.
8061	He’s in the smaller room!
8062	He sneered at “the moaning neurotic” and “the over-anxious mother”, worried by “every trivial and often imaginary complaint”.
8063	He's not into football, and has a mixed set of friends; to his last birthday party, he invited four boys and two girls.
8064	He’s now graduated to his own space on Great Western Road.
8065	He’s now trying to talk to me again but I’m not going there.”
8066	He's one of Australia's most recognisable reality TV stars and known for his VERY impressive physique - but would you recognise him from this childhood snap?
8067	He soon left however, because of the “X-Factorisation” of the industry and his attention turned to the world of street art – a medium that felt a lot more energetic and subversive.
8068	He specialises in the farming sector and charities and is also responsible for providing taxation and financial advice to small and medium sized businesses.
8069	He spent the next thirty years as a casual labourer or 'swagman' around the state of Victoria where he actively campaigned for improved rights for labourers.
8070	He’s played right at the highest level of the game, and you can see that with the way he conducts himself and works on the training pitch.”
8071	He started his session by introducing half-a-dozen Jaffa-sized balls of groundbait which he topped up regularly while waiting for the bronze beauties to find his feed.
8072	He stated that he had been asked by Councillor Mackness to ensure the public were invited to read out their questions in line with Council rule 8.6.
8073	He still had time to explain the working of the apartment and tell us where to find a supermarket and the metro.
8074	He still needs to add power and weight acc football predictions week 1 for the NFL.
8075	“He stole the show and is hitting top form,” reflected co-manager Ross Speight afterwards.
8076	He stresses that mediation is the first port of call but that there will be 'genuine repercussions' for late payers.
8077	He successfully led and built Boxwood to become an award-winning business transformation consulting firm.
8078	He suggests giving examples of when you have demonstrated your ability, commitment or passion for your work.
8079	He’s very good!
8080	He’s very good at the creative momentum, he always keeps things going constantly.
8081	He taught us how to raise the standard of the hotel building work we did with our own squad He also had a hand in the £1.3M upgrade of the Milton Hotel & Leisure Club in Fort William.
8082	He then asked how it happened and proceeded to tell me 'that is what happens when you run!'
8083	He then dusts himself down and heads to Ste’s, telling him is is completely unaware of his sibling’s whereabouts.
8084	He then went on to have an excellent season, becoming a double champion in the Club’s Peak Cup and Open Solo classes.
8085	He told King's Sixth Form students who are studying English Literature, “Find your own voice.
8086	He told us that not too many months before liberation the Jewish POWs in SL1 were taken out.
8087	He took his first degree at King’s College London before completing a PhD at Queen Mary in the late 1990s.
8088	He took this picture of award winner Georgina Potier at the magazine's re:creation awards, an annual event to honour the UK's finest young creative talent.
8089	He took to Instagram from the start, at first using it just like everyone else does: to share phone snaps with his friends.
8090	He urged the judge to pass a suspended sentence to enable Hextall-Smith to do that.
8091	He used his garden for studies almost every day, in all weathers, even in winter, when he painted flowers from the greenhouse.
8092	He warned that Renamo would be organising anti-government demonstrations in the near future, and wanted to see a national referendum on whether the people wish to continue being governed by the ruling Frelimo Party.
8093	He was adjudged to forfeit his arms and be committed to prison.
8094	He was a father figure after father passed away.
8095	He was a good organiser and businessman, yet a gentle soul who always thought the best of everyone: a true Christian yeoman of England and a very generous benefactor of the College as a Member of the Court of Benefactors.
8096	He was a joke who seemed to court the media for any little attention they would give him.
8097	He was a lawyer by profession, and a fellow of All Souls College, so his partbooks are in effect the product of his leisure time, and they combine his love of music with his interest in calligraphy.
8098	He was a little perturbed.
8099	He was also a presenter at numerous Australian CEDIA Expos.
8100	“He was also posting extremist content online that could have encouraged others to commit terrorist acts and downloading instructions on how to carry out ‘lone wolf’ attacks.
8101	He was also the first person the new Chancellor telephoned when the election result become known.
8102	He was an effortless eccentric while those around him flapped and flailed as they experimented with their self-expression.
8103	He was apprenticed in 1875 to Mr. G. Fosbery Lyster, M. Inst.
8104	He was a regular face on Ready Steady Cook (BBC2), has hosted many series for UKTV, and in 2006 reached the semi-finals of Strictly Come Dancing (BBC1).
8105	He was asked a number of questions on subjects including demand management and how to implement wider cultural change in-force.
8106	He was aware that many Councillors had put some or all of their personal grant money towards defibrillators.
8107	He was a writer and editor of the "Liverpool and Manchester Journal" (subsequently the "British Journal of Photography").
8108	He was badly dropped shortly after reaching three figures and also survived a very confident lbw appeal by Wales.
8109	He was British Ambassador to Lebanon (2011-15), and the Downing Street foreign policy adviser to three Prime Ministers, (2007-11).
8110	He was called 'Lucifer in the flesh' by former House Speaker John Boehner last month.
8111	He was charged the following day (14/3) and was remanded to attend court.
8112	He was constantly there in the Labour club at weekends, even though he was not a drinker.
8113	He was educated at Kilmarnock Academy and then at the University of Glasgow.
8114	He was educated at St. Michael’s, Westgate-on-Sea, Winchester, and was up at Christ Church from 1908 until 1912, during which time he was a member of the University Contingent of the Officers’ Training Corps.
8115	He was equally comfortable presenting to his amazing photographs or handling a range of questions.
8116	He was flanked by female family members as he made his way into the courthouse.
8117	He was followed by his son, Dugald, who defeated the MacDougalls and killed Alan at the Battle of Stalc (1468) fought on the shores opposite Castle Stalker.
8118	He was gunned down on 16 December at his home by assassins.
8119	He was instrumental in persuading the UK government of the need for ‘The Office of the Third Sector’ as a key function of the Cabinet Office.
8120	He was later released on conditional bail.
8121	He was made subject to a community order to include a six-week overnight curfew and 15 days of a rehabilitation activity requirement.
8122	He was most renowned for his theatre work, but also appeared on the silver screen in sitcoms including Two’s Company.
8123	He was my great-grandfather.
8124	He was outstanding in the Transplant Unit and I should point out that in those early days there was just the SHO and the Professor!
8125	He was paid £90,000 to do the job after taking over from Theresa May's former adviser, Nick Timothy.
8126	He was part of the St. Catherine's Library conservation project and developed a survey workflow for surveying library collections with Professor Nicholas Pickwoad.
8127	He was previously Principal Analyst in the Office of the Executive Mayor of Cape Town where he was responsible for economic policy.
8128	He was previously the CIO at The Bar Council and Head of IT at Rockpools.
8129	He was quickly promoted to the Media Manager post where he was responsible for setting up and managing the Media Department to cater for the Schools growing video production, graphic design, digital print and reprographic requirements.
8130	He was really important in starting Hope in North East Cheshire, which has brought 39 churches across the region, together.”
8131	He was speaking in Maputo's Ferroviario neighbourhood, at the ceremony laying the first stone for a rehabilitation and expansion of the city's water system.
8132	He was successful in receiving an appointment to a mission station in Edinburgh in which he laboured for twelve years with great acceptance.
8133	He was taken to the Town Hall where Solomon tried to question him.
8134	He was the first chair of the Welsh Government’s Hate Crime Criminal Justice Group and is the CPS national operational lead on hate crime.
8135	He was treated by the emergency services but, sadly, was pronounced dead at the scene.
8136	He was using a loud hailer asking the crowd to leave the William Street area and go to Free Derry Corner where there was going to be a meeting.
8137	He went on: “The coverage had a profound and continuing impact on upon almost every aspect of his life.”
8138	He went on: "The wheels are back on the wagon and we'll probably aim for that Listed race in Navan (Cork Stakes on April 7).
8139	He went on to confirm that the project was being spearheaded by the Bangor City Partnership, bringing together partners including the city council, Bangor University, Pontio and Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board.
8140	He whipped a dangerous ball into the box on 13 minutes which just evaded the unmarked Andy Mitchell at the back post.
8141	He will be attending the game, even though it comes just days after major surgery.
8142	He will be selling his usual selection of savouries, including sausage rolls, pork pies, beef pasties and lamb pasties, as well as a range of cakes including some new recipes from an Irish cookery book.
8143	He will know that many people of good will on both sides of the House, and outside it in the education world, want reform and change, but they are willing to work with him to get change fit for the 21st century.
8144	He will then provide you with a treatment plan to fully treat your dental problems.
8145	He with that energy and confidence and conviction.
8146	Hewitts are the equivalent of Corbetts outwith Scotland, so we've used blue markers as we do for Corbetts in Scotland.
8147	He won the BCA Dorothy Hodgkin prize and gave the accompanying lecture in 2000 on “Crystallographic Apparatus: Past, Present & Future”.
8148	He would also become the first fighter in history to conquer 5 world titles in 5 different divisions.
8149	He would also love to capture an image of the Northern Lights, if he can stay awake long enough to see them appear!
8150	"He would be going up a bit in grade, but it might be a nice place to finish the season, or he does have that handicap experience now."
8151	He would surely have had a huge and benign influence in decades ahead.
8152	HGV crossed the roundabout on the A142 at Sutton and caused delays today.
8153	Hi Alec, we can finance new cars so that's not a problem.
8154	Hi Ang, it sounds like you are doing everything you can for your cholesterol and less than 5 is a good reading for cholesterol.
8155	Hi Been interested in doing this course for a while now, since completing my AET, but why is it so cheap?
8156	Hi Carl, there are three main types of gas central heating systems – combi, system and regular (also sometimes known as heat-only).
8157	Hide away the cistern of your toilet to match it.
8158	Hi degen, Really sorry to hear that you have had a lapse.
8159	Hide the box from view, connect all your devices and inputs then control them via Bluetooth even when they're out of your direct line of sight.
8160	“Hierarchical Statistical Analysis Reduces The Risk of Type I Error in Cardiomyocyte Studies”.
8161	Hi everyone, my experience with mental health is as follows.
8162	Hi Frances - what problems are you having?
8163	Higher cost of doing business digitally, as well as increased compliance burdens, look increasingly likely for some.
8164	Higher density development will be encouraged in locations which are within both 400m of rail stations and 200m from the high frequency bus network.
8165	Higher Education Empirical Research Database - Interactions between research capital and other research resources in UK Higher Education Institutions Skip to main navigation We use cookies on this website.
8166	‘Higher productivity is the only sustainable way to increase pay, so it is rightly the focus of business and the government through the Industrial Strategy.’
8167	High Jump Fans are commonly installed with other athletic facilities such as long jump pit run up and triple jumps, which take up a similar method of construction and can be designed as per the Q26 specification to meet your requirements.
8168	Highland councillors were impressed by Cityheart’s new application and welcomed the new design.
8169	Highland tennis player Isabelle Wallace will fulfil a dream this weekend as she prepares to make her Grand Slam singles debut at the French Open.
8170	High Legh Garden Centre is part of the Stikes/Klondyke group of garden centres.
8171	Highlights include the large herbaceous borders, wildflower meadows, the kitchen and scented gardens, an alpine zone, woodland and streamside walks.
8172	Highly-rated Evenlode to launch its second fund to invest for income around the world, so is it worth a look?
8173	Highly recommended for any learner!’
8174	Highly recommend this book to parents!’
8175	Highly skilled Photographers specialising in top-end digital photography, floorplanning and copywriting.
8176	High octane musical mayhem, cabaret and comedy will be blended with top quality food and drink at a special event returning to the Leighton Buzzard Brewing Company next week.
8177	“High Peaks parents are telling Family Lives that they are desperate to get advice and information to do the best they can but still don't know where to turn.
8178	High quality clinical research sits at the heart of the NHS because it helps to improve treatments and patient care.
8179	High season £404 per week.
8180	High tenant demand and rising rents have combined to create a booming buy-to-let sector in the town.
8181	Hi got a room to let,.
8182	Hi, I am sorry to hear of your disappointment, I can see you contacted us on the 7.12.17 and your query was resolved the same day.
8183	Hi, I'm Adrian, a fully qualified and insured Cognitive Hypnotherapist working in Northwood and Greater London.
8184	Hi Im Tracey and I work at Mid Essex CCG.
8185	Hi Jordan, thank you for your question and apologies for the delay in responding.
8186	Hilarious prank or pure stupidity?
8187	Hi Laura, apologies for the delayed response.
8188	Hilda had begun to doubt herself after her claim was turned down.
8189	Hi Linh, I guess most of students are happy with the survey without the incentives of a voucher.
8190	Hill Top in Netherton, Huddersfield consists predominantly of terraced houses.
8191	Hi LML Don't be defined by your relapse, it is another day 1, a new day one.
8192	Hilton Cartwright pulled a short ball to the midwicket boundary but the next left him and took the outside edge to take Derbyshire a step closer to that elusive victory.
8193	Himola’s unique recline mechanism uses the Cumuly gas spring action allowing you to position the backrest at your preferred place.
8194	Hi, my name is Helen and I am an experienced documentary style wedding photographer based near ashford in Kent.
8195	HIO are well known for hosting many events in the town including a celebration of Refugee Week, the Garden of Cultural Delights, a well supported 6-a-side Football Tournament, and International Mother Language Day.
8196	Hired Help will answer your calls, book appointments - in an online booking system, (which clients can use), do your accounting - whatever it is that will help free up time.
8197	Hiring a car from Enterprise Rent-A-Car in Inverness opens up so many possibilities - not that the city itself doesn’t have a lot to offer, with its 18th-century granite buildings and modern castle, built in 1835 on the site of its ancient predecessor.
8198	Hiring a small car with the extras is £90 for a week of unlimited mileage.
8199	Hiring marketing support staff that know nothing about professional services and have no track record.
8200	Hirsuitism often occurs in those who have the condition polycystic ovary syndrome, or PCOS, but not all cases are linked.
8201	His academic interests include German and EU politics, international relations theory, EU–Asia relations (with Japan in particular), and European responses to rising powers and comparative regionalism.
8202	His admissions about the way he attempted to smear opponents of his boss, Gordon Brown, led to calls for him to lose his civil service pension and be interviewed by police.
8203	His aims to define how the activity of neuronal assemblies is co-ordinated and emerges from the co-operative interactions of rigorously defined neuronal circuits in the cerebral cortex, particularly in the hippocampus.
8204	His appearance before the committee came the morning after the BBC's Panorama programme broadcast an investigation into Savile and into the decision to ditch the Newsnight film, at a time when he was head of TV.
8205	His approach ended up both emptying language of its ideological content and neglecting its intrinsically social nature.
8206	His argument was simply that it was not good value for money.
8207	His Blue Cross Vet, Seb Prior, says the stress of being abandoned is the likely cause of the pesky pests increasing in number, and he’ll be just fine with treatment.
8208	His co-accused, Duffey, 28, has been sentenced to nine years following their joint trial.
8209	His condition, acute inflammation of the pleura, had gone undetected both by the pauper nurse who cared for him, and by the poorhouse medical officer who had diagnosed only a case of itch.
8210	His description of the crime suggested sodomy, while the destruction of his houses paralleled that of Sodom.
8211	His determination, positivity and motivation have ensured that the company has grown year on year both in terms of turnover and people.
8212	His experience ranges from town centre change of use applications, to EIA advice and preparation for large scale commercial and residential schemes across Scotland.
8213	His father's execution and his own many years of exile made him a guarded, curious, unusually self-conscious ruler.
8214	His first letter was entitled, ‘The ontogeny of sulphur’, the second, ‘On the transmutation of matter, transformist chemistry, or everything in everything’, the third, ‘Thoughts on the composition of air and water’, and a fourth, simply ‘Paralipomena’.
8215	“His form tailed off in the second half of that season, along with the rest of the team, but overall he was one of the better players in a really poor campaign and picked up a couple of player of the year awards.
8216	His future is now up in the air, though, and the 33-year-old full-back is free to join another club.
8217	“His future looks extremely bright and he’s a shining example of what can be achieved while studying a vocational course at a further education college.”
8218	His glory is of infinite worth.
8219	His graduate seminars, first pioneered at UCL, soon became a vital part of the Oxford scene.
8220	His illustration career has involved diverse publications including travel books and architectural guides.
8221	His influence remains with me today; I was very impressed with his style, manner, everything.
8222	His interactions with Ulla (Joy Gingell) were enjoyable due to both their comedic and musical elements; “That Face” was one of the most entertaining musical numbers because the choreography was creative and well-rehearsed.
8223	His interest in this area lies in applying social theory to developing deeper understandings of these important forms of organization.
8224	His interests include sailing, motorcycling and aviation.
8225	His judicial function was exercised through the leet, the portmote, and the sessions of the peace.
8226	His love of the outdoors was unbounded: athlete, cyclist, sailor and archer, keen amateur gardener and naturalist.
8227	His main concern is to see young people achieve their full potential in both their personal and professional lives.
8228	His major sports are Cricket and Football, playing football and rugby as a youngster for Dover FC and Dover Rugby Club.
8229	His method of painting on both sides of the glass gives a result that visually excites its viewer.
8230	His, of course, not hers.
8231	His old company, Mayer Funeral Homes, based in Bridgewater Drive, was forced into liquidation after he was jailed for unrelated fraud matters in 2014.
8232	His opening speech setting the scene of how dreadful the humanitarian situation is across Syria was touching.
8233	Hispanic Studies with French (French 25%) enables you to take a full range of Hispanic Studies modules and keep up your French language.
8234	His PhD thesis project covered the pioneering field of Cognitive Neuroscience: The Neuro-Magic.
8235	His plea agreement indicates that Papadopoulos pleaded guilty on 5 October.
8236	His promise was fulfilled 100 percent.
8237	His race in Shanghai last year for instance, you still marvel at some of the moves he pulled off that day, utterly brilliant.
8238	His recollection was that the rest of the newspaper’s published account of the conversation was substantially correct.
8239	His refusal to accept his fate sends him on a journey to track down the drug AZT, the only known treatment.
8240	His remit includes managing the university's student recruitment and engagement activities in key markets overseas.
8241	His report will be published in the next edition.
8242	His research at the LMB focuses on the structure and mechanism of dynein and uses a combination of X-ray crystallography and advanced single molecule techniques.
8243	His responsibilities include marketing the full portfolio of IBM’s products and services to IBM’s key accounts.
8244	His self-depreciation is stiff and rehearsed, and his cutting comments always sting.
8245	His sequence, 'Visiting Winter: a Johannesburg quintet', originally published in 06, was chosen for the Scottish Poetry Library’s online anthology Best Scottish Poems 2012 and he was shortlisted for a Scottish Book Trust New Writers Award in 2015.
8246	His son, also Sir George, the third baronet, was killed on active service during the Second World War in France.
8247	His starting point was David Hume's 1776 manuscript for his short autobiography, 'My own life', which is held at the National Library of Scotland.
8248	His strategy of starting on option tires was right but unfortunately the steering was damaged in a collision.
8249	His talk focused on tackling treatment-resistant lung cancers – specifically, using an existing drug, osimertinib, in a new way.
8250	His team has already developed an imaging agent that attaches to a protein known as claudin-4 which is expressed in the early stages of the disease.
8251	His team has found that the glucocorticoid receptor is switched on in men with prostate cancer who are treated with the new hormonal drug enzalutamide, and that it can take over the function of the androgen receptor.
8252	Hi Steve and welcome to Onespace, hopefully you will find others on her in a similar position to you who will give you advice if you need it.
8253	Historic buildings and plantations like Belmont Mansion, Travellers Rest and Belle Meade Plantation dot the Nashville landscape.
8254	History and Archaeology 85% of History research rated as world-leading, internationally excellent or recognised internationally.
8255	History and geography - a friendly introduction to our world, complete with simple questions and fun activities.
8256	History continues on the mezzanine (First Floor) on the left hand side as you enter through the doors starting with British History Victorian period NU, British Empire NZZ, American History O, Asian History OT and Adrican History OZ.
8257	History is preferred, but related subjects are also considered, such as Politics or the Social Sciences.
8258	History paintings are works of art that tell an important story in a single scene, with the aim of presenting the viewer with a moral of the tale.
8259	History Tutors Dr Archer and Prof Abigail Green spoke fondly of Matt and Kieran and Dr Archer kindly donated a cercidiphyllum japonicum which is planted in the Deer Park.
8260	His two E offer and interview in the fourth term created shockwaves amongst the University, and prompted other colleges to review and drastically improve their approach to outreach.
8261	Hi Suzanne, i'm surprised you've been declined if i'm honest!
8262	His work is child-centred, interactive and aims to bring to life science, history and geography in a way that resonates with families.
8263	Hi, thank you for your reply.
8264	Hit them were it hurts.
8265	HIV and AIDS related issues - Medical Negligence Claims CompensationYour Life, Your Health.
8266	Hi we are currently seeking to relocate to Newquay during the summer months and are seekin are double room whilst searching for our potential new home.
8267	Hi, yes restarted EETV box, router and logged in and out of tvplay app.
8268	HJ Development Solutions is an organisation that believes passionately in empowering women to reach their full potential both personally and professionally.
8269	HLA-B*57 Micropolymorphism shapes HLA allele-specific epitope immunogenicity, selection pressure, and HIV immune control.
8270	HLF commissioned Mott MacDonald, with The Leisure Consultancy, in 2016 to evidence the heritage, social and economic/community impacts of the Heritage Grants Programme (2002-2007).
8271	HLN News Now, CNN International Television; 7 June 2012.
8272	HMO licensing is aimed at protecting the vulnerable and disadvantaged groups that typically occupy this type of housing by improving health and safety standards.
8273	H Morgan Carpet & Flooring Specialists is a carpet company selling a range of carpets, rugs and mats.
8274	HMRC are warning taxpayers not to fall victim of scam emails sent by fraudsters.
8275	HMRC considers sharing economy activities a significant part of the hidden economy and it is hoped that its new powers to require bulk data from intermediaries (Finance Act 2016), will be used in the home sharing economy.
8276	HMRC has issued a revised notice - October 2013.
8277	HMRC has used OS data to increase the take-up of tax credits so that disabled workers, people on low incomes or responsible for children receive the benefits they deserve.
8278	HMRC is due to introduce its quarterly VAT filing system in 2019, with monthly returns expected after 2020.
8279	HMRC is to be given an extra £71 million to improve the online and telephone services they provide to taxpayers.
8280	HMRC will be able to provide some help if you do not qualify for exemption, but need support with digital processes nonetheless.
8281	HMRC will expect to see strong evidence of the intention to occupy a home as a main residence, and they may challenge the availability of the tax relief if you cannot demonstrate this strongly enough.
8282	HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has revealed an estimated 165,000 people have failed to register with the tax authority in time regarding collection of their child benefit.
8283	HM Revenue & Customs has issued guidance for individuals giving to charity called help sheet HS342 “Charitable giving (2017)”.
8284	HM Treasury decides which representative bodies can make a super-complaint on the basis that they “represent the interests of service-users of any description”.
8285	HNA provided a useful update to the status of commissioning in the Wet Intermediate Level Waste Retrievals and Encapsulation Plant (WILWREP), confirming that due process has been completed regarding active commissioning.
8286	Hockey is a sport where teams of 11 players use a stick to strike a ball into the opponent's net.
8287	Hodge Bank has increased the rate on several of its accounts by as much as 0.45%, as a result of which its five-year fixed rate ISA offering has entered into the Best Buy chart for its sector and earned a high Moneyfacts rating.
8288	Holiday homes on both registered sites or private land.
8289	Holidaymakers have been rocking up to Hikkaduwa since the Seventies and, these days, the resort is as popular as ever.
8290	Holistic Therapies can be useful in alleviating the symptoms and aiding the healing related to the above conditions.
8291	Holland America guarantees are offered in specific cabin categories, depending on availability, at the normal fare for that category.
8292	Hollywood actor Sean Bean tells the story of Waterloo, one of history’s most decisive battles.
8293	Holt remain second in Division Two, nine points behind runaway leaders Easton, after winning a seven-goal thriller at Acle United Reserves.
8294	Holy Week is the great crisis of Christianity, which moves at terrifying speed from the crowds hailing him, to the Last Supper where he foretells his death, his anguished prayer in Gethsemane, and the shocking events of his betrayal, trial and execution.
8295	Home Decor design, develop and manufacture a range of furniture and storage solutions for use throughout the home.
8296	HOME FINALE: Somerset Rebels hope to welcome back Patrick Hougaard for the visit of Poole Pirates.
8297	Home Fire Safety assessments and free fitting of smoke alarms or arson proof letterboxes.
8298	Home First staff will review your care needs on a regular basis, they will stop the support when you have recovered, however, if you require on going care then we will arrange this and refer you onto the social care teams.
8299	Homelessness was one of the top three reasons people contacted us last year about their social health.
8300	Home Office Immigration Status Documents (must be accompanied by proof of right to reside in the UK).
8301	Home of Jacobsen and Juhl, this city has its fair share of fine furniture, a good proportion of which is in residence in Hotel Alexandra.
8302	Homepage of the Cambridge bridge club with links to weekly results, club information, county and national results.
8303	Home Secretary backs ObserverHOME Secretary Dr John Reid visited Accrington on a whistlestop tour on Tuesday and spoke exclusively to the Observer about issues affecting the borough.
8304	HomeServe's logo flying across the finish line!
8305	Home to his world-famous Clifton Suspension Bridge and the SS Great Britain, your journey starts from another of Brunel’s monumental achievements, namely Temple Meads station, the Bristol terminus of his Great Western Railway.
8306	HOME TURF: Chard host Wadebridge Camels this weekend.
8307	Honda has announced the pricing for the new Honda Civic diesel!
8308	Honestly, if I hadn't taken that step there might not have been a life to make a difference to.”
8309	Hong Kong born Tsun Dai has been rewarded with a three-year contract at Bury after impressing during the Shakers pre-season.
8310	Hong Kong was fast becoming a lawless place when the dreaded Major Caine was appointed the first Chief Magistrate.
8311	Honours are given to people from all walks of life and sections of society who have made a difference to their community.
8312	Hooper touched down from the rolling maul with 2 minutes gone, before more excellent attacking play saw James Stephenson receive the ball on the wing to go over in the corner to give the Greens a 12-0 advantage.
8313	Hopefully, it will pave the way for more modern forests with a mixture of tree species to be planted in the North-East - to the benefit of our economy, environment and local communities."
8314	Hopefully this has shown how planters and obelisks can help transform a garden just in time for the summers entertaining.
8315	Hopefully we can give the Cherries fans who have travelled something to celebrate!
8316	Hopefully, when I get back there will be a new manager in place.”
8317	Hope Gary Verity of Welcome to Yorkshire gets a gong/knighthood or something because he has done an amazing job with Le Tour, which I think has surpassed everyone's expectations.
8318	Hope my monologues not too tedious.
8319	Hope receives her golden ticket and has a ride on the gallopers with The Mayor of Boston, Cllr Stephen Woodliffe and her little brother Corey.
8320	Hopes were high heading into today’s US jobs report, and at least on a headline basis, the report did not disappoint.
8321	Hope the conference goes well today.
8322	Hope you can get your dad some help.
8323	Horace Engdahl, Chairman of the Swedish Academy, described Pinter as an artist “who in his plays uncovers the precipice under everyday prattle and forces entry into oppression’s closed rooms”.
8324	Horniman Primary School in Forest Hill will participate in the fun by decorating bugs and butterflies to be part of the Hamptons International Sloane Square branch display.
8325	Horrible Histories are back at Barclaycard presents British Summer Time Hyde Park by popular demand: with multiple performances of their ‘Loathsome London’ theatre show.
8326	Horrible Histories EnglandHistory with the nasty bits left in!
8327	Horse riders are welcome on the dedicated 65 miles (104km) of off road shared use trails in the Peak District.
8328	HORSFORTH ended a five-match losing streak with a win over Collingham that lifted them off the bottom of the table and to within two points of their opponents.
8329	Hospital bills are high in America, so you should consider medical expenses cover as a minimum.
8330	Hospital Episode Data (HES) - A data warehouse containing details of all admissions, outpatient appointments and A&E attendances at NHS hospitals in England.
8331	Hospital staff will contact the next of kin named by the deceased, which may or may not be a family member.
8332	Hospitals UK - Welcome to the local Directory of UK hospitals from Near.
8333	Hotel Metro is in Market Street, Aberdeen.
8334	Hotels and accommodation facilities as well as spas.
8335	Hotels in Sudbury - 2018 Midlands Grand National!
8336	Hotel staff very friendly hotel was very well kept.
8337	Hotels to stadiums, airports to service stations.
8338	Hotel was comfortable and service good.
8339	Hot job titles in Swindon include Sales Rep, Store Manager and Civil Engineer.
8340	Hot water upgrades, including mains pressure hot water systems.
8341	Hours in credit can then be taken off as additional holiday, normally a maximum of two flexi days can be taken every four weeks but not exceeding 15 days during each leave year.
8342	Hours of work are a locally determined matter but UCEA will consider how they may be able to comment further in this regard.
8343	Housden House, designed and built by architect Brian Housden for his own family in the mid-Sixties, has hit the market in stunning original condition.
8344	Housed within five Victorian terraced townhouses, The Laslett’s exterior is all beautiful white stucco facade and Italianate pillars, while inside it is understated luxe.
8345	House in Time – Folklore in the New Forest records that completing the building of a house between dawn and dusk on one day secured the right to live in it.
8346	Housemates like to sociable things together such as meal times, cinema, weekend nights out, quiz nights and movie nights in. They keep the place tidy and the cleaner takes care of general cleaning.
8347	House proud Diane Hull was willing to go to almost any lengths to find out why her prized pair.
8348	House sitter insurance from Simply Business starts with public liability insurance, which could pay a compensation claim if you accidentally damaged something belonging to the homeowner, for example.
8349	House was extremely clean and very spacious.
8350	Housing Benefit and Council Tax Support are 'means tested' so income received from Pension Credit would affect the amount of Housing Benefit or Council Tax Support that is paid.
8351	Housing Executive and Helm team up to win the People’s Choice Champions award at Shack Attack.
8352	Housing Options staff and customer service advisors for Council enquiries can be found at in Bradford.
8353	Housing support services are for residents who are experiencing difficulties and may be at risk of losing their homes.
8354	How about sharing some of the chains you've visualized?
8355	How about some cash for books back?
8356	How are the change results calculated?
8357	How are these teens making thousands from summer jobs?
8358	How are things going today?
8359	How are you planning to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day this year?
8360	How are you raising awareness about it?
8361	How are you, really?
8362	How best to identify a great manager.
8363	How can a girl not have a great weekend having discovered this morning I'm a great auntie.
8364	How can I book tour at Just go Holidays?
8365	How can I find out when my MOT is due?
8366	How can I limit legal exposure under the sale agreement?
8367	How can I make a referral?
8368	How can I stand for council without joining a political party?
8369	How can it be free, we hear you ask?
8370	How can I use use the free hours?
8371	How can legacies be promoted across charities?
8372	How can people find out more information about Archant events?
8373	How can they ensure the platforms don’t fail referred clients?
8374	How can they get rid of the things that weigh them down?
8375	How can we be booming when our political class is in crisis, rudderless, when they have no real mandate and are held in contempt, when they squirm and stutter in the face of events?
8376	How can we educate ourselves to make the change we want to see.
8377	How can we improve ambulance handover?
8378	How can you follow the announcement?
8379	How can you gain the most value for your organisation from apprenticeships?
8380	How can you improve the course next time?
8381	How can your cause stay relevant when empowered individuals are taking action on their own, instead of going through organisations?
8382	How could Pension Credit help me?
8383	How did you find the standard of play compared to what you're used to?
8384	How do charities report this information?
8385	How do data management platforms work?
8386	How does a pregnancy test work?
8387	How does cold weather affect older people?
8388	How does funding from UK Research and Innovation add value?
8389	How does GDPR impact on your HR policies?
8390	How does my GDAY Live Casino case file work?
8391	How does my NEFF case file work?
8392	“How Does The Media Portray Black British People?
8393	How does your company support team-building activities?
8394	How do I add the Facebook widget to my mobile Website Builder site?
8395	How do I agree my claim amount on the Alpari claim portal?
8396	How do I assign a mileage expense to a charge matrix?
8397	How do I avoid making it worse?
8398	How do I cancel my auto-renewal policy before it rolls over?
8399	How do I choose the right Hair Salon Insurance?
8400	How do I create a Web Content link to a web site?
8401	How do I find out about the events you’re running?
8402	How do I give feedback or complain about a safeguarder?
8403	How do I let the Council Tax office know I am a student?
8404	How do I make a Lidl complaint using Resolver?
8405	How do I pay an overdue premium?
8406	How do I pay for the referencing?
8407	How do I prove the information on the registration is wrong?
8408	How do I purchase discounted entry for special offers?
8409	How do I remove mould growth from within the property?
8410	How do I save documents from the online planning system?
8411	How do I use photo-sharing websites?
8412	How do I view my email in a full screen window?
8413	How do the farm practices of far-flung countries affect what happens to us here?
8414	How do we make sure the early years workforce get the right training, in the face of high turnover and lack of funding?
8415	How do you decide if I can have a DHP?
8416	HOW do you follow Mama Mia?
8417	How do you pick and choose dramas?
8418	How easy was it to claim?
8419	How effective is your customer originations process?
8420	However 1951 traffic statistics show that North Wylam was the busiest of the four stations on the loop:37,197 tickets were issued there, but less then 25,000 for the other three stations combined.
8421	However, a bank based in the European Economic Area (EEA) can offer certain products or services in the UK and other EEA countries while being authorised in its home country.
8422	However, a child understands pitch and voice tone in order to change a request for example "door" into a command “DOOR”.
8423	However a further visit will be made.
8424	However, a jury at Manchester Crown Court today (24 May) convicted them both of four counts of murder.
8425	However, all items, such as gas bottles must be declared to the Loading Officer.
8426	However, a lot of them—three quarters—will be people with an expected illness.
8427	However although the wind was fickle there was enough of it around to allow the later starting fast boats to come through and Julian B (OK) led at the end of the first lap followed by Karen (Laser) and Ian (Supernova).
8428	However, an ECG can be normal even if you have coronary heart disease.
8429	However, as No. 10 Appointments Secretary David Stephens had noted when looking over an earlier draft of Macmillan’s note to the Treasury, ‘The Treasury may hope this but I don’t think the Prime Minister hopes anything of the kind.’
8430	“However, as one of the many motorists who regularly uses this road, I will welcome a free flowing junction which works well both for road users and pedestrians.”
8431	However, as the premium is usually low it will make more financial sense to pay for your cover in one go.
8432	However, a successful claim can make life a little bit easier, as it will reduce the financial burden, ensuring all costs associated with your recovery are covered.
8433	"However, as well as the latest fall in inflation, Mark Carney suggested in a recent interview that Britain leaving the EU has cast doubt on an imminent rate rise.
8434	However, at this level, it exposes the fact that 75% of the pump price is Government tax.
8435	However, at this stage, Apple’s Shakira has been very strong all season and is one of our biggest liabilities of the whole week.
8436	However, availability is best if you’re looking for earlier on or later in the evening.
8437	However, Barba simply ran the ball over the touchline to close the half; clinical Saints – perhaps for the first time – took it easy.
8438	However, because of the quality of the evidence he was convicted and sentenced to an extended custodial sentence of 24 years.
8439	However, before starting a new activity, speak to your GP or diabetes care team first.
8440	However, being British, we never want to offend by not bringing something to the party, so a bottle of sloe gin or port for the elevenses or end of day will always be well received.
8441	However, buying-to-let is no get rich quick scheme and there’s a lot of competition out there.
8442	However, by comparison to the long gone Vectra which was well renowned for giving drivers back problems due to the unusual cant of the seat this is a massive improvement.
8443	However cancellations made less than 1 week before the event date or non attendance on the day will be charge £50 plus VAT.
8444	However, cheaper oil should boost demand and help the world economy continue to grow at a steady, if uneven pace.
8445	However, Chenise Austin secured the win from the penalty spot and the whole day delighted general manager Karen Ray.
8446	However, China’s share increased, overtaking Germany to become the second largest market in value terms.
8447	However Companies House has been receiving copies of the reports which were sent to creditors or members prior to the final meeting taking place.
8448	However Davin is not among the names mentioned in an article on folk memories of Ulster Gaelic settlers in Kilcommon and Rear Cross, Co Tipperary, during the first decade of the 17th century ( 10 pp 300–1).
8449	However, despite fair warning and self-proclaimed suspicion of smart technologies: it seems the public do not consider smart home security to be a particularly high concern.
8450	However, despite its clinical importance, little is known about the principles governing the dissemination of cancer cells to distant organs.
8451	However, despite such promises, it is still an inordinately lengthy process to get from outline to detailed planning according to the HBF.
8452	However, due to demand, we have expanded our service to cover the whole of England and Wales.
8453	However due to the cost and time involved these are not being adopted by all FRS’s.
8454	However, due to the nature of the improvements we are unable to quicken the production of cladding and multi-roll so ordering VAP products will not have an impact on our ability to supply.
8455	However, each colour is drawn on a different stone, making the process relatively complex.
8456	However, eardrops p ront suitable for eveyone and some as 's, f and "th".
8457	However, earlier check in may be available with prior notice.
8458	However, even if you do not have one of these qualifications, but you can demonstrate an aptitude for languages through other experience (eg, successful study of a different foreign language), you may be eligible for this programme.
8459	However, Everton can draw confidence from the fact that they have never lost an FA Cup tie at Anfield where the match will be played in January.
8460	However, every report will be used and will contribute to our understanding of tree health issues across Great Britain.
8461	However every season will offer a unique experience.
8462	However, experience does show that engagement with HMRC and a commitment to identifying and addressing areas of weakness could often minimise penalties.
8463	However eye clinic appointments were cancelled at Beccles Hospital and a spokesman said appointments on Thursday had been cancelled.
8464	However, for the majority of women this will not result in cervical cancer.
8465	However, for us, the smooth, punchy, economical diesels are the clear pick.
8466	However, for various reasons that are detailed in the report, the associated estimates derived from these methodologies were not deemed to be as robust as the net pack fill estimate.
8467	However, Gorleston couldn’t build on the start and the hosts took the lead in the 14th minute.
8468	However, he had in effect been managing the estate from 1973, when the fifth Earl became ill.
8469	However his appointment was not as smooth as it should have been.
8470	However, his relationship with later generations of NUS officers declined as he attempted to exert his influence over the association.
8471	However, I also hear that many families are failing to get access to the essential mental health services that they need after the disaster.
8472	“However I am clear that we will take, whenever required, robust steps to ensure that license premises are safe, even if this means on occasions we need to seek review under the Licensing Act 2003.
8473	However I can see this was during working hours so may not have been when you were in. This was most unfortunate but I am glad Parcelforce did manage to deliver in the end.
8474	However I do agree that the two-part concept is extremely annoying.
8475	However, I do not believe that tackling this lack of social mobility and ensuring everyone can reach their full potential can be achieved by government alone.
8476	However, I do want to pay tribute to my hon.
8477	However, if the landlord has already been convicted of any of the offences the tribunal must give the maximum available penalty.
8478	However, if the pension credit was put into a new money purchase arrangement for the ex-spouse or ex-civil partner, then fund protection would be lost.
8479	However, if the stress is sustained over a long period it can have a significant impact on physical and mental health, work performance and morale.
8480	However, if the UK opted for a World Trade Organisation agreement, EU regulations may no longer be applicable and thus repealed.
8481	However, if they do choose to drink, to minimise the risk to the baby, we recommend they should not drink more than one or two units once or twice a week and should not get drunk.”
8482	However, if you are disabled and own only one home, or in home care for a long time or sold the home/property before 6 April 2014, you are qualified for full relief for the last 36 months while you owned your home that before you sold it.
8483	However, if you’d like to transfer money you already put into your ISA this tax year, you’ll need to transfer all of this year’s pot.
8484	However, if you find that on ringing this number you are not connected to a member of staff, you can call 0208 880 7813.
8485	However, if you let property to a tenant, the condition it is maintained in won't be within your direct control and so you need to be mindful of this when agreeing the lease.
8486	However, if you purchase the asset using cash or an unsecured business loan you will always own the asset.
8487	However, if you’re in an urban area and your cat likes to explore, it might be wise to train them to come home at dusk by rewarding them with food.
8488	However, if you’re looking for a quieter break from the crowds then spring and autumn, when it’s not too chilly, are great times to visit.
8489	However, if you're looking to save money, you can get Cintiq 27QHD cheaper from Amazon.
8490	However, if you require a vehicle that is a little more spacious, we also have a number of 4x4s available for hire.
8491	However, if you’re thinking of test driving this engine, make sure you sample both power outputs to see if the 99bhp version is adequate for you.
8492	However, if your grammar is poor or the copy doesn’t flow, the reader will simply bin the letter, wasting all your hard work.
8493	However, if you want – and can afford – a fully-fledged student experience, then there is nothing that matches Westminster, known for its excellence in providing a world-class education experience for its students.
8494	However, if you want to keep on advertising through Google AdWords, you will have to make some changes to comply with the new policies.
8495	However, in doing this he made an assumption that PCCs will raise additional revenue through a 2% increase in the amount of council tax paid towards policing.
8496	However in most cases that we investigate you will be asked to bring the item into the Council offices.
8497	However I now would like to share some of my observations.
8498	However, in some circumstances you need to double-check – for example if inaccurate information could have serious consequences, or if common sense suggests there may be a mistake.
8499	However, in the area today known as the Czech Republic, thanks to Napoléon, a large number of Jewish settlements grew up, centred on Prague and the surrounding countryside of Bohemia and Moravia.
8500	However, in the case of a long journey and if the driver has been helpful in handling your luggage, you should tip a little more, up to £5.
8501	However, it can still be a genuine redundancy if someone else's job disappears and they are moved into your job, making you redundant.
8502	However, it is clear that diversity is not evenly spread throughout the organisation, and particularly at the most senior levels.
8503	However, it is important to identify the differences between the stakeholders, different authorities and the specifications to make sure you are not copying and pasting generic material, which will ultimately not score high marks.
8504	However, it is one of the most relaxed and welcoming places to visit in Central America, and Puerto Limon is well-located for its best eco-tourist attractions.
8505	However, it is the case that a missing tactic could have been applied to great effect.
8506	However, it is too often a disease that is diagnosed at a late stage – usually because patients don’t realise they have any signs or symptoms, or perhaps have not seen a dentist who might have spotted something for a while.
8507	However, it is understood magistrates in Rochdale heard the pair were given permission by a superior to move the car to a safe place.
8508	However, it looks like the anticipated new series will be the longest yet, as the application forms asked for the Island wannabes to be free for a minimum of ten weeks.
8509	However, it may be quicker for you to contact us directly.
8510	However, it now needs to identify and repay any others who may have been incorrectly charged for the care they have received.”
8511	However, it's not all good news for providers, as complaints about poor speeds continued to increase in 2012.
8512	However, it was almost by happy accident that Jonathan came into glassmaking.
8513	However, it was considered that these benefits must be weighed against the environmental considerations of the proposal in a planning balancing exercise to fully accord with Policy SWDP1.
8514	However, it was difficult to pick up and there was so much going on that we almost lost the delicate flavour of the woodpigeon.
8515	However, it will be necessary to rake out the dead moss as its presence will continue to hinder the growth of the lawn.
8516	"However, I want to make it clear that I am just one voice in a larger congregation, and I am sure others would say the website should be banned."
8517	However, I would reserve the term “quackery” for the charlatans that continue to push made up nonsense once it’s been proven to be not a real thing.
8518	However, large areas of the Levels’ important wetlands have been lost to drainage schemes which keep the landscape dry for farming.
8519	However league president Alf Perry, aged 87, and Dave Nelson took sets off Ben Chan – returning to action after a month-long absence – to make it 8-2 at the finish.
8520	“However, making a success of a new product is about more than just having a good idea.
8521	However many of those policies have long since lapsed, and it is unlikely that policyholders will ever need make a claim against them.
8522	However, many people underestimate the increased efficiency and productivity a designated office space can bring.
8523	However, many residents feel these signs do not deter bikers who are ignoring the warnings and continuing to wreak havoc.
8524	However, many sites will only use this when asking you to enter a password or other login details, before reverting back to an unencrypted service.
8525	However more than 95% of dogs bitten by adders that receive the appropriate treatment recover fully, usually within about 5 days.
8526	However, mortgage approvals in September were still 14% higher compared to the same period last year, data from the leading banks has revealed.
8527	However, much of the detailed evidence presented to the Inquiry was not published.
8528	However, NC has not paid either of these debts, either to EP or himself as executor, to his damage of 100s.
8529	However, news of the potential agreement could still lend decent support to oil prices in the short term outlook.
8530	However, NHS England has assured me this morning that the report will be published before Christmas, and it is our intention to accept the vast majority, if not all, of the recommendations it makes.
8531	However on the day we would have been scheduled to visit Guernsey we sailed past it and the water was like glass with very little wind.
8532	However, other users of the tablet can still access Internet Banking through the web browser.
8533	However, our research found evidence that neonatal services are also experiencing longstanding pressures, particularly in relation to staff shortages, which leave many units unable to meet recommended levels of nursing and medical staff.
8534	However our staff are available 24 hours a day on 0116 273 4684 if you require our services outside of these hours.
8535	However our staff are available 24 hours a day on 01695 622272 if you require our services outside of these hours.
8536	However our staff are available 24 hours a day on 023 8077 6625 if you require our services outside of these hours.
8537	However, passporting rights are only available to firms domiciled in an EU or EEA member state.
8538	However, perhaps because of other commitments, this machine was never fully developed.
8539	However, phytates may also be the reason for protective effects of whole-grains like disease, cancer and diabetes.
8540	However please see clause 14.3 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of the product you order.
8541	However, previous ‘tap’ issues, where such companies raised additional funds, have been so oversubscribed that even new shares have been issued at premiums to net asset value.
8542	However problems can arise if you find yourself in the situation of wanting to pay the loan off early as there may be a financial penalty for doing this.
8543	However, projects will be allowed, subject to supervisor and Programme Director approval, on a wide range of Entrepreneurship topics.
8544	"However, quality family time is important, because it lays the foundations for how a child develops socially and psychologically.
8545	However, rather than diving in headfirst all alone, it can pay to set up a joint venture with a friend, family member, associate or simply somebody with a similar business plan to your own.
8546	However, rather than simply resulting from a happy accident, are deliberately bred to create this popular hybrid, which combines all of the best traits of their two parent breeds to produce a dog type that is thoroughly unique and very versatile.
8547	However, Rupert Wood from Analysys Mason said that there is proof from Europe that offering all four services could reduce customer churn.
8548	However, Ryan Moore was wise to the move and eased Order Of St George towards the middle of the course to make his challenge.
8549	However, Sandhurst has a lot more to offer residents and is a very desirable area to live thanks to its good local schooling, accessible transports links and proximity to the M3 and M4 corridors.
8550	However separate Shetland may feel to the art world, Helen says her upbringing played a big part in shaping her choices.
8551	However, some content startup founders are content satisfied with a simple financial or liquidity plan at the outset.
8552	However, sometimes people is find hugging a pillow under your chest (the side your head is rotated to) and sleeping slightly tilted to that side, a more supportive position placing less loading through your neck.
8553	However, Stephen has also allowed us to be more ambitious.
8554	However, that was only for employees’ NIC and did not include contributions paid by the growing self-employment sector.
8555	However, the 1950s-built Manchester Reform Synagogue in Jackson’s Row remains earmarked for demolition, with a new synagogue to be built within the podium of the proposed tower block.
8556	However, the 3.0-litre diesel model already impresses with its 50mpg fuel economy claim and 145g/km CO2 emissions – not bad at all for a big, heavy 282bhp saloon, and one that can reach 62mph from rest in under six seconds.
8557	However, the article went further than reporting this basic detail.
8558	However, the artist’s dramatic decline in mental health precluded the completion of this arrangement.
8559	However, the BBA is also conscious that the anti-bribery responsibilities of banks do not end with the UK Bribery Act.
8560	However, the BBC’s iconic block logo will remain in the Gill Sans typeface.
8561	However, the benefits of sharing could very well outweigh the concerns.
8562	However, the blow to employers no longer able to reclaim SSP has been softened by the announcement of the new Employment Allowance which came into effect on 6 April.
8563	However, the cases against them would affect a decision to allow any other company with the same Director to join TPO in the future.
8564	However, the Commission did not consider that the piece had been presented in a way that would necessarily have misled readers into believing that the neighbour’s position was the only point of view on the matter.
8565	However, the costs of moving house can also add up.
8566	However, the Council must make the LHA payments direct to your landlord if you have rent arrears of eight weeks or more.
8567	However, the cultural norms and rules around doing business can vary considerably from country to country.
8568	However the funds are held within the company, so transferring the money to the shareholder may create a further tax charge if that shareholder is already paying higher rate tax.
8569	However, their utility for the detection of lower frequency variants is yet to be practically investigated.
8570	However, the issue around the presence of a second worker does not appear to have been clarified.
8571	However, the Lady was not alone.
8572	However, the most common point of disagreement on suggested changes lies within funding, as local authorities can be unwilling to contribute budget to EHC Plans.
8573	However, the NGOs, who work under the umbrella of the Mozambique Debt Group, are most unlikely to do anything that will hinder further debt relief.
8574	However the number of charges for the offence, as of 8 November 2016, appears to have only totalled 27.
8575	However, the opposed the bill, describing it as a draconian piece of leglislation more akin to what the Chinese or Russian governments would pass.
8576	“However, the poor performance of these stocks in recent years, and their high yields, suggest dividend cuts have been anticipated – so the downside should be modest.”
8577	However, the purpose is not primarily about beating up Machiavelli, enjoyable though that is; our primary purpose is to think more deeply about actual political problems that challenge our own moral beliefs.
8578	However the questions started here; Rosedale Abbey, what was the abbey like, what was the village like that took its name.
8579	However there are also positives for young carers who are well supported.
8580	However there are no quarms with my order from plumbworld, as every detail given is accurate, correct and lives up to its spectations.
8581	However, there are so many things you can do using social media, knowing where to start can seem a bit daunting.
8582	However, the record amount pay for by a collector was £1,087.80 for tax disc that expired in December 1921, which was the first year they were issued in Britain.
8583	However the red card seemed to galvanise Ash, and they took the lead immediately after the break with the goal coming from Tom O’Reilly in the 46th minute.
8584	However, there has been some concern expressed over the validity and accuracy of student satisfaction…
8585	However, there is a lack of evidence about the potential, the costs and benefits, and consequently the cost-effectiveness, of extra-care housing.
8586	However, there is evidence of the shameful goings on at Guantanamo Bay, where cameras have shown us cages not fit for animals, shackles, gags, hoods and blindfolds.
8587	However, there is nothing preventing companies from encouraging women to apply for senior posts through mentoring, training and shadowing.
8588	However, there’s still a big difference between the best and worst in class.
8589	However, there was an increasingly significant variation in the financial performance of individual HEIs, and a widening gap between the lowest- and highest-performing institutions.
8590	However, there was no significant difference in anxiety ratings between Wales and the UK average.
8591	However, there will be great competition for this and it would be more efficient to use renewably generated electricity directly for trains or trams or for battery vehicles.
8592	However, the rise of mechanised transport during the First World War made the value of such a programme questionable.
8593	However the RNA from the virus lacks this cap structure and what RIG-I, the immune sensor, is actually recognizing is the presence of RNA that lacks these cap structures as found in the genome of influenza virus.
8594	However the role of Neighbourhood Plans was now elevated, but further clarity was required on the narrative regarding their relationship to Local Plans.
8595	However, the rules also say that the power of directors to allot shares will be subject to the company’s articles; so shareholders can employ the articles to prevent or limit that power.
8596	However, the sector is projecting increases in expenditure, and many institutions are planning to invest substantial sums in their capital programmes to make improvements to their estates.
8597	However, the significance of the agreement, so widely supported throughout the country, to sanction the appointment of women bishops does have an important bearing on the contributions from the Bishops’ Benches in this House.
8598	However, the specimen anglers have now taken to the rivers in search of huge barbel and carp, which have thrived as a result of our cleaner rivers.
8599	However, the Trust now has the opportunity to purchase this 10-acre nature reserve, along with a huge extension, which will protect 40 acres overall and secure the future for its precious wildlife.
8600	However, the UK Government should commit a further £10m now to ensure it pays a 'fair share' to the United Nation's appeal, relative to the size of the UK economy.
8601	However, the vast majority of the rocks in Devon are Devonian and contain very few fossils.
8602	“However, the way pay is negotiated can disadvantage women who are anyhow in small numbers in the pool from which those who could earn upwards of £140,000 could be drawn.
8603	However, think of the impression you want potential purchasers to have when they pull up outside your property.
8604	However, this can't be guaranteed.
8605	However, this does not absolve local management from repaying additional hours worked in a reasonable period of time.
8606	However, this meant that customers rarely had the option to buy non-GM, and British food producers very quickly started to source from certified non-GM crops.
8607	However, through this ICT use, the ICT skills of both teachers and students increase, allowing the design and use of more complex activities.
8608	However, Town were irresistible in the second half, and only several fine saves from the opposition goalkeeper kept them at bay.
8609	However, Twitter users assure me that it has happened to their cars – made by other manufacturers.
8610	However unless the company maintains an accurate record of director transactions on a daily/weekly basis, it is not always apparent until the accounts are drawn up, whether the account is overdrawn.
8611	However, we always try to provide a warm welcome at The Tanning Shop!
8612	However, we are never complacent and continue striving to deliver greater choice and value which is why we’ve invested millions in this solution to ensure every one of our loyal readers can get their hands on the huge benefits of Sun+ membership.”
8613	However, we believe that at this stage it is too early to develop a full training, licensing, and accreditation scheme for automated vehicles, or to legislate on how automated vehicles are inspected, maintained and repaired.
8614	However we continue to look inwards and outwards, open to solutions from outside of the project that we can ‘steal with pride, share with passion’!
8615	“However we have just increased the council tax on second homes to a 100pc.
8616	However, we queried the need or justification for exempting certain planning conditions from the deemed discharge, as proposed in the DCLG consultation.
8617	However, we will be working closely with Cabinet Office in developing this and will be happy to share the output of anything we produce with other government departments.
8618	However, we will contact you as quickly as possible to explain this further if the need to extend our timescales applies to your request.
8619	However what makes Connect different from normal Community Choirs is that each of its members has been hand picked for their vocal ability.
8620	However, when adjusted to the same working days, production levels were slightly back on 2015 levels, by 2%.
8621	However, when a limited company is small, creditors often require personal guarantees of the principal owners before extending credit.
8622	However, when it comes to motor insurance for HNW clients, many brokers feel it is difficult to differentiate between the main insurance providers, and therefore offer real choice to their clients.
8623	However, where a complainant had voluntarily consumed substantial quantities of alcohol, but nevertheless remained capable of choosing whether to have intercourse, and agreed to do so, that would not be rape.
8624	However, where the letter of the scheme cannot be met for whatever reason, you should seek to understand what steps the supplier is taking to manage these risks through for example alternative business processes or compensating security controls.
8625	However, where the trade union is not recognised by the University in respect of the particular staff group to which the member belongs, then the union can only raise specific matters pertaining to the individual member and not issues of general concern.
8626	However, while credit unions in Northern Ireland will be regulated from London institutions for those financial services, they still come under a devolved legislative window.
8627	However, will she indicate when we might see some of those proposals and ideas come forward from the Ministry?
8628	However, with a few minor changes in the areas of healthy eating and physical activity the nurseries were able to improve the environment further for everyone involved.
8629	However, with commodity prices now recovering, the overall global situation is anticipated to improve next year.
8630	However, with skills in designing and manufacturing, problem solving and time-management, the options for further study are very broad.
8631	However, Xitax Ltd. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
8632	However, you are only eligible to apply for NHS Injury benefits if you are injured or contract a disease on or before 30 March 2013.
8633	However, you can still use this birth injury compensation calculator to provide an overview of potential settlement amounts.
8634	However, you generally have to pay more for these mortgages.
8635	However, you may sometimes find that senior citizens' discounts are limited in some way, for example they may only be available on certain days or during a certain time of day.
8636	However youngest daughter Adela has till recently been erased from suffrage history.
8637	However, your teacher doesn’t tell you to start revising a week before the test.
8638	Howevver, our data shows that significant numbers of Britons don’t have any friends of a different class, political leaning, or even gender.
8639	How have other safety critical industries used public inquiries to improve safety?
8640	How have we derived this estimate of harm avoided?
8641	How heavy is the cabinet and can he be install on a partition wall?
8642	How is demonstrating the value of L&D different across organisational levels?
8643	How Is My Application Processed?
8644	How is RTI performing more than three years after it started?
8645	How is the alcohol issue going?
8646	How is the Experian Credit Score calculated?
8647	How it has adapted to the market and how wireless is now the new desired option for many applications.
8648	How JAWesome is the Great White Shark?
8649	How long after can I complain about one of them!
8650	How long ago was it when we were encouraged to buy diesel cars, rather than petrol cars?
8651	How Long Does a Dental Negligence Claim Take?
8652	How long does it take before I get the results?
8653	How Long Does It Take To See Results?
8654	How long has your relationship got left?
8655	How long is it expected that the facility will be kept on this site?
8656	How long until you can spend the money?
8657	How long will I have to take off work after Ear Correction Surgery?
8658	How many 999 or 101 calls you have received in relation to UFO sightings since 2013?
8659	How many do you expect to sell in two quarters?
8660	How many find what they were looking for and go on to complete a purchase?
8661	How many students are on the course?
8662	How many times have you seen someone express their pride at their boyfriend or girlfriend for giving up smoking, while the object of praise gibbers in the corner, glaring at children and biting their nails?
8663	How many weeks will The King and I be playing at the London Palladium?
8664	How many would-be working class artists, artistic directors, choreographers, composers and curators decided to enter the accounting, legal, medical and engineering professions instead?
8665	How Much Compensation will I get after an Accident Causing a Hip Injury?
8666	How much does a deputy ward manager make?
8667	How much does a Security make in the United Kingdom?
8668	How much does your family spend?
8669	How much do Yell employees make?
8670	How much do you know about the refugee situation?
8671	How much study time is involved?
8672	How much traffic can you expect from up-weighted bids?
8673	How much will a new licence cost me?
8674	How NOT to be a jealous personIs break up sex the best sex ever?
8675	How often do you talk to your neighbours?
8676	How people living in six economically vulnerable areas have perceived the early stages of the economic downturn.
8677	How professionally do members of your team behave?
8678	How should be our daily teeth cleaning routine: We all know that a good.
8679	How should I budget for my self-build project?
8680	How specific does it need to be to be specific?
8681	How the Community and Children’s Services use your personal information.
8682	How the IF Statement in the template should be displayed.
8683	How this policy is allowed to continue is beyond me.
8684	How to apply for a refund.
8685	How to apply for help if you are on a low income.
8686	How to change a name or make a correction on your child's birth certificate.
8687	How to ensure the security with use of multiphoton might be the point to be discussed.
8688	“How To Extract Adwords Search Terms For 3rd Party & In House Software”
8689	How to harness the spirit of enterprise when self-employed.
8690	How to last LONGER in bed: Two simple techniques to prevent pr.
8691	How to live from week to week using cash.
8692	How to make the most out of your next exhibition.
8693	How to migrate from Google Calendar to Exchange Online -
8694	How to plan your internal audit of the customer services function.
8695	How to start investing in an Isa and make your money work.
8696	How to take part Come along to an exhibition at St Mary Star of the Sea Church Hall, 1 High Street, Hastings on Friday 18th October 2pm - 8pm,.
8697	How to tell if a £1 coin is fake.
8698	How to write a book when I didn’t want to write a book?
8699	How warm this layer needs to be will depend on how cold it is, your sensitivity to the cold, and the other layers you're wearing.
8700	How were the costs of emergency housing being reduced?
8701	How we treat your dataAs a member of our alumni and supporter community, you are incredibly important to the University of Southampton’s Office of Development and Alumni Relations (ODAR) and we are committed to protecting your data and privacy.
8702	How we will use the information about you?
8703	How will I be paid Carer’s Allowance?
8704	How will I be paid Housing Benefit?
8705	How will the regulations be enforced?
8706	How will things change in respect of Birstall Library and community centre in the future (from now they are now)?
8707	How would you define good website design?
8708	How would you rate the installation team on their courtesy, cleanliness and professionalism?
8709	HPB's shared site of Bena Vista is situated midway between Marbella and Estepona, on the south-facing slopes of the Andalucian foothills.
8710	HP Decor Ltd have over 25 years experience in the Paint & Decorating business,we offer a wide range of decorating services,interior/exterior,commercial,residential and much more.
8711	HP describes the OfficeJet 7510 as a 'personal print shot' as it's one of the most affordable A3/A4 printers available.
8712	HRH The Princess Royal with WSFT occupational therapy teams and patient.
8713	HRMC has revealed the most bizarre, if not imaginative, excuses given by those who failed to file their tax returns on time, including one who claimed his wife had a run-in with some extra terrestrials.
8714	HS2 will connect eight of Britain’s 10 largest cities and more than double capacity on some of our busiest routes.
8715	HSBC provided Leicester-based entrepreneurs with a unique opportunity to showcase their businesses inside their local HSBC branch as part of the bank’s UK-wide Small Business Pop-Up Week.
8716	HSE - Campaigns: Worksmart videosThis website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience.
8717	HSE inspector Nicole Buchanan said after the hearing: “Working on fragile surfaces is a particularly high risk activity in which many serious accidents occur.
8718	HSE - Vibration at work: Whole body vibration and Hand arm vibrationThis website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience.
8719	Huffington Post wants to be known as an 'internet newspaper'
8720	Huge progress has been made in opening up opportunities for disabled people over recent years.
8721	Huge thanks to Angela who managed to teach a very nervous 36 year old to drive.
8722	"Hughes understands that Bournemouth would love to get one over Southampton at St Mary’s, but the rivalry isn’t the main concern, it’s about how Southampton can get a result."
8723	Hugo has been in the advertising industry for over five years.
8724	Hugo the cruise director was a lot of fun.
8725	HUGRO cable glands and protective conduits are used in all walks of life: in machinery, plant, control cabinets and motor vehicles.
8726	Hull Childminding Network is a childminder offering childcare services in their own home.
8727	Hull Independent Cinema members receive discounts and early bird access to Hull Film Festival tickets.
8728	Hull Pirates owner Shane Smith added: “It’s a great pleasure to partner with East Yorkshire Coaches as part of the Hull Pirates 2016-17 season.
8729	Human beings are relational by nature; it’s the relationships between us that create the cultures we work in. How people feel is an essential component of understanding inclusion and creating change, but we can’t count feelings.
8730	“Humanists believe in putting values into action.
8731	Humphrey’s Cafe has a wide range of foods and drinks at affordable prices to please every palate and we allow our customers to take food and drink from there into film screenings and public skate or play sessions.
8732	Hundreds of people across all three dealerships have been introduced to Motability and the freedom it brings by Matt.
8733	Hundreds of VIDEO clips of peace danceshttp://www.
8734	Hundreds of youngsters passed through its doors in the old YMCA building in The Park, most notably a young lad by the name of Ross Hale who went on to win the British and Commonwealth light-welter weight titles.
8735	Hungry for more knowledge, more power and more recognition.
8736	Hunter Douglas 1800 can be used for both large and small windows, but the system has been specifically designed for large areas of glazing with each blind capable of covering an area up to 6000 x 6000 mm.
8737	Hunt for fossils or enjoy picnics on the beach, just 200 metres from the park.
8738	Hunting down estate agents in Barton upon Humber normally means looking around King Street and George Street or heading to nearby Hull.
8739	"Hunting has always been central to Somerset's rural communities and hunt staff have been steadfast since the Hunting Act became law, but they deserve better.
8740	Hurst Green to Sevenoaks Easterly direction, mainly woodland walking.
8741	Hutchinson began to correspond with Lair, the author of Gone Astray: The Care and Management of the Asian Elephant in Domesticity, published by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization in 1997.
8742	Hybrid’s alternate between battery and petrochemical fuel at any given moment, depending on speed, and battery charge.
8743	Hybrids come in two varieties: traditional ones like the Toyota Prius, where the battery is recharged from the engine and brakes; and Plug-in Hybrids like the Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV, which are charged by plugging them into the grid.
8744	Hygiene inspections are exacting, Debbie continues, and tests rigorous—but “we always said we would do it.
8745	Hypermiling: What's it all about and is it dangerous?
8746	Hyundai has launched an extension to its Scrappage & Emissions Reduction scheme which offers customers up to £5,000 off the price of a new car, making it easier and more affordable than ever to drive a new, lower emission vehicle.
8747	Hyundai i10 Finance Example, available from Stacey's Motors in Bridgwater, Somerset.
8748	I absolutely assure all right hon. and hon.
8749	I acknowledge that my request to purchase Myfreevouchers.
8750	I acknowledge that my request to purchase Pastoral.
8751	I act for landowners, developers, occupiers, investors and funders, from individuals to medium-sized companies, both locally and nationally.
8752	I actively encourage my team to build new relationships, understand the changing landscape of vendors and feed key learnings and ideas into our strategic thinking for the function.
8753	"I actually went out in my pyjamas to film it.
8754	I advised attendees how to increase income without increasing the number of deals.
8755	I agree generally, but this has been set up by St Mungo’s, which works to provide accommodation and support in the long-term for homeless people.
8756	I agree, it can all seem very confusing, but in my teachings I have been taught to remember the mantra Debit the account receiving the value - Credit the acccount giving the value.
8757	I agree that charity calendars may often be quite bland, having unfit average joe models taken by a poor photographer in shady lighting.
8758	I agree that economic opportunity is at the core of good family and community life.
8759	I agree that improvements at each stage could achieve a great deal.
8760	I agree totally about taking action.
8761	I agree with 95% of the other comments and as some guys have said when we used to have proper refresher training in a classroom with a tutor they were constantly drumming it into us if in doubt pass and advise.
8762	I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that 5 out of 5 does not seem adequate.
8763	I aim to use the opportunities that now exist to produce materials in a new way different from the traditional way of producing books.
8764	I also asked him to condemn the massive rise in the pay of Michael Spurr and also offered support for both prison and probation staff saying that he knows who will get the blame when things go wrong – the staff.
8765	"I also come from a trade union family, my dad is a rep for the Communication Workers' Union."
8766	I also cover innovation and smart cities.
8767	I also deal with all the local enquiries about donations in memory of a loved one and I can talk to you about the Canine Care Card Scheme and answer any legacy enquiries.
8768	I also deal with Wills and Trusts and I have just completed examinations with STEP (The Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners) to gain further specialist knowledge in this area.
8769	I also have a limited budget.”
8770	I also intend to set up a voluntary cancer champion group to support patients when they leave hospital in the period following their discharge, which is such a tough period for both the patient and indeed the families.
8771	I also liked the freedom we were given, as students.
8772	I also like the lack of artificial lighting and thus the starry nights around here.
8773	I also love D and had Ollie have chosen a friend, I think his other friends might have been put out as he doesn’t have a stand-out best friend as such…
8774	I also managed to come inside the toy as although it takes away some of the feeling away.
8775	I also missed the staff welcoming guests back on board at the gangway after a long shore excursion.
8776	I also practise mindfulness and yoga, which along with the singing help me to cope with the pressures of my job.
8777	I also think that there should be a delay in transfer time to allow payees to change their minds if they think they have made a mistake.
8778	I also think they are talking complete rubbish as the specs for the app show the firmware/software has been updated as recently as June 2016.
8779	“I also wanted to stop before someone asked me to stop.
8780	“I also want to support or encourage diversity in design – the more diversity we have, the better solutions we have.”
8781	I also wasn’t sleeping properly.
8782	I always believe that if the furnace is hot enough it will burn anything!
8783	I always draw eyeliner inside my bottom lashes for a party because I think it adds definition and makes the eyes a focus point.
8784	I always prefer Emirates wherever I travel.
8785	“I always thrive on playing against bigger teams and I like a challenge.
8786	I am afraid that I do not recognise that description.
8787	I am allowed to move on and mostly allowed to be openly happy’
8788	I am also determined that it should be a city for Londoners and we need to work together to address some of the acute challenges to enable London to be a city where everyone can thrive.”
8789	I am also feeling humbled to be exhibiting alongside such talented jewellers and silversmiths.
8790	I am also very good …
8791	I am an associate to the Institute of Certified Bookkeepers.
8792	I am an Integrative therapist which means that I will tailor the.
8793	I am a professional guy, well educated, well travelled having visited or worked in all the continents as an engineer and then into management.
8794	I am a Professor in the Department of Computer ScienceUniversity of Warwick and a Royal Society Industry Fellow.
8795	"I am a recent Medical Sciences graduate and I chose to spend my gap year volunteering on ward so that I could help improve the patient experience.
8796	I am a true believer in having good conversations even if you don’t deem it relevant, you never know what you might learn and who they might know or how you can help them.
8797	I am based in the Forest of Dean and prices include delivery within my local area.
8798	I am but have been told this info won't get to the credit agencies until the new list goes out in October!
8799	I am buying a property as my main home, I do not own anything at the moment as I sold to move in rental to be able to care for 100yr old mum.
8800	I am clean and tidy and will take care of your property whilst working in it.
8801	IAMCloud centralizes the security and administration of IT, and offers a range of enterprise features including intelligent identity management, enterprise single sign-on, automated Microsoft licensing, MFA and lots more.
8802	"I am coming up to retirement," says Michael, "and maintaining our house was becoming more of a drag than a pleasure."
8803	I am concerned for you that you sound so despairing, and I have felt that so often myself, as many of us here have.
8804	“I am confident that our new partner will deliver the enhanced customer experience which is going to be crucial if we are to achieve our strategic goal of a significant improvement in the Unimog’s market position in the UK.”
8805	I am delighted that he has been awarded the Victoria Medal.”
8806	I am delighted that this initiative is still going strong, and anticipate that it will continue to flourish in the future.”
8807	I am doing this Beauty course as well as a business management course and I love them both.
8808	I am encouraged by the scoping note showing that the Government’s thinking on Clause 13 is fairly well advanced, so we can expect regulations quite soon.
8809	“I am entitled to listen to a political speech, I would have thought that was an entirely human right,” she said.
8810	I am extremely grateful to have been offered such a fantastic opportunity.”
8811	I am getting tired of reading of damage to NF animals by speeding vehicles on that race-track across the forest.
8812	I am grateful that my contributions have positively impacted others.
8813	“I am happy to help to publicise this service and spread the word to local people.
8814	I am honest, energetic, fully responsible and totally…
8815	“I am honoured to confer the Freedom of the City on the Battery in recognition of their vitally important work.
8816	I am, however, convinced that it wouldn’t be a bad idea to follow New York’s lead when it comes to one of the only art forms that truly originated there, and that the city has evidently nourished so fondly for decades.
8817	I am in a civil partnership, what are my legal rights? by Simpson Millar LLP Please enter a search criteria.
8818	I am in no way an expert on the exact figures and designations of Mr. Turner’s housing—which began as a Tory political storm and has now boiled over to an Island-wide issue.
8819	I am in Ochio Rios for my last part of the journey here in Jamaica I arrived safely yesterday.
8820	I am interested in citizenship education, national identity and civic movements in Singapore and East Asian societies, and democratic participation in comparative perspective.
8821	“I am in the Pro-Am class of the series, as I can have a true season of learning but still get some trophies on the way.”
8822	I am just dropping you a quick note to say how pleased we are that we decided to take a unit at the Greenway Business Centre in Harlow.
8823	I am less convinced that we can deduce from this that such signs were confined to the ‘apostolic era’.
8824	I am looking for any information on a girl called Sally, surname not known, who was a character in Nottingham in the 1980-1990s.
8825	I am looking forward to the awards ceremony when the winning artwork will be announced just before the free public screening of How to Survive a Plague at Perth Concert Hall.”
8826	I am looking to build a clothing site, knowing on average the % of returns for clothing is important for planning my return policy, storage of items, etc. any info about this?
8827	I am not an impulsive person, in fact, I’m the opposite, a saver, a thinker, organised with things; I knew I needed to make a plan.
8828	“I am not Bruce Lee and the gentleman punched me in the face,” said Mr Warren.
8829	I am not expecting this amendment to lead to immediate action today, but there are some points here that we do not quite yet understand enough to be able to think about how they might form part of our process.
8830	“I am not in favour of putting one on the Ham car park because all you’re going to do is attract more traffic through the town and that is something we want to get away from.”
8831	I am now Coordinator for all areas in Edinburgh.
8832	I am now enjoying working with Hewlett Packard, developing web-based systems, performing database management, and supporting our customers’ infrastructure.
8833	I am now pleased to announce the completion of the review.
8834	I am particularly interested in hearing the Minister’s views on that when she responds to the debate, because the issue is of great concern to those who live near such moors.
8835	I am pleased the LGA and HBF have agreed to work together to help their members put our recommendations into practice."
8836	I am pleased to report good improvements in the hygiene of our kitchen areas at both hotels.
8837	“I am pleased to report that Kier Group plc has performed well and delivered profits in line with our expectations.
8838	I am pleased to say they ploughed it all the following week!
8839	I am pride myself with constructing high quality dentures.
8840	I am researching the child rearing practices of Ghanaian parents in the UK, with particular interest on their transnational educational strategies.
8841	IAM RoadSmart members were polled by the organisation in September 2016 (reference 2) on driverless vehicles and cybercrime was the top concern.
8842	I am searching for a steinway.
8843	I am so proud that this excellent service has been recognised as ‘outstanding,'" said councillor Nigel Long, cabinet member for adult social care and housing.
8844	“I am so proud to live in a borough where the local council has the vision to support an initiative that will change so many people’s lives.”
8845	I am sorry I was unwell when you were in my country.
8846	I am still getting this Delta error when playing The Division.
8847	I am sure many buying Sky or Talk Talk did not relise they were dependant on VM.
8848	I am sure that many hon.
8849	I am sure that the petitioners watching the debate, both here and through online forums, will be interested in what she has to say.
8850	I am sure that we will return and would recommend it without hesitation.
8851	I am sure the Great Yarmouth Tourist Board, in conjunction with the many businesses who work hard to provide for our tourist season will offer tremendous opportunities for the visitors to enjoy the town.
8852	I am surprised if the hon.
8853	I am talking about NHS-owned and NHS-led organisations running health, and even care services, for whole populations.
8854	I am tempted to pose the question whether the same would be true of male politicians and their tutors, but that may be unfair.
8855	I am the co-founder and CEO of Argento & Bourbon, a luxury brand of footwear for gentlemen.
8856	I am the Course Lecturer for the MSc in Neuroscience and Wellcome Trust 4 Year Doctoral programme in Neuroscience.
8857	“I am the little girl who has now found my voice after years of being silenced with the shame and guilt, thinking what he did was my fault.
8858	I am the one facing downwards.
8859	I am totally engrossed in Broadchurch, I'm loving how the story is developing.
8860	“I am totally focused to do my best and finish both marathons by proudly crossing the line with my Demelza vest on.
8861	I am trying to take NYSO to new areas of the UK as NYSO is a national organisation and we should be heard in as many places around the country as possible.
8862	I am very grateful to all of the workers who gave up their Sunday to help."
8863	I am very pleased that there has been such a sharp increase in awareness of its potential to bring long term investment to the city.
8864	Ian Bell is an 11/2 chance, while wicket keeper Matt Prior is 11/1.
8865	Ian Blackshaw is your local, reliable painter and decorator covering Blackpool and the Fylde Coast.
8866	Ian has published/presented over 50 papers/articles and chairs the Consultative Committee for Electricity and Magnetism working group on electrical methods to monitor the stability of the kilogram.
8867	Ian Leslie argued that building design and emissions were incredibly important on an institutional and financial level.
8868	Ian Maxwells book focuses on the lives of the local people both rich and poor and on their experience as Glasgow developed around them.
8869	Ian Roberts, air operations manager for Midlands Air Ambulance Charity said: “The primary landing site at Birmingham Children’s Hospital has been closed for several months, due to the many cranes in the locality which are a flight safety issue.
8870	I apply the principles I learned during the Quantitative Methods course virtually every day.
8871	I appreciate what they are trying to do but this is just a waste of time and money!
8872	I asked him about setting milestones and goals and I asked if he worked backwards.
8873	I ate a fair amount, but have to say I wasn't convinced.
8874	I began playing in primary school and was selected for the School team within my age group.
8875	I believe I’m quite ‘charmed’ when it comes to the ghosties –I’ve always had a connection with spiritual people throughout my life, even as a young child.
8876	“I believe residents of Essex find drink and drug driving as abhorrent as we do and I would urge them to continue to contact us if they suspect someone is doing it.
8877	I believe that the poems belong to my father’s years at Oxford before the Second World War when he regularly lectured on Old Norse literature: at a guess, I should say the earlier 1930s.
8878	I believe the result is a new Lightweight E-type that is as stunning now as the originals would have been when they were new.”
8879	'I believe this demonstrates sound thinking, considerate planning, and an openness to residents' feedback,' said Mark.
8880	I bought a Doro phone for my Mother-in-law who is 84. She has used a mobile phone for the last 10 years but this is so easy to use she is now texting for the first time ever!
8881	I bought a new mat for the door from the kitchen but I'd never thought about one for the back door but now you have pointed it out this will be rectified.
8882	I bought this toy about two months after my first (glass G-spot 8.5 inch or something) and it was a great purchase.
8883	I bought tickets for my husband and I.I was a bit apprehensive about going up as am not fond of lifts but need not have worried.
8884	“I buy a lot of books myself – but I always try and pass them on to someone else.”
8885	"I can certainly foresee a very positive relationship blossoming between our organisations, the real benefit being to our local parks and the local people who use them."
8886	I can confirm that we hold some of the information that falls within scope of your request.
8887	I can go into that with so much confidence.
8888	I can help, whatever the need.
8889	I can highly recommend this set for purchase.
8890	I can honestly say that our experience as a completely new organisation to GOV.
8891	I can honestly say that, when working in local government, what people expect from the offset is so incredibly different to what they experience.
8892	"I cannot believe he had any input as regards to team selection and tactics under Slade, and he has inherited a poor team of Slade’s signings.
8893	"I cannot emphasise enough how dangerous such utterly irresponsible behaviour is," said CalMac's director of service delivery, Robbie Drummond.
8894	I cannot find the lease document - how can I get a copy?
8895	I cannot say enough for how much donations are important for students.
8896	I can NOT send emails although I can send msge to any person who has sent me a face book msge even.
8897	I cannot support the amendments, although I have a great deal of sympathy with the position set out by the hon.
8898	I cannot wait to go to university but my time at the College was really nice.
8899	"I cannot wait to start training and playing with some very experienced players and the top quality coaches that the Pirates have.
8900	I can now afford to go to the cinema and buy things for the home.
8901	I can often spot her arrangements even before I know they are hers, such is her eye for beautiful bouquets and unusual buttonholes.
8902	I can only assume he's too busy writing sub-Leonard Cohen novels about love triangles or making postmodern art collages about how handsome he is.
8903	I can provide various support from consultations with staff about individual children, group work with children, detailed assessments as well as a variety of training tuned to meet the needs of individual schools.
8904	I can push a trolley round a supermarket and walk around town centre with a stick.
8905	I can say outright that the service is superb, and I would use them again for any other lock related jobs in the future.
8906	I can say with 100 per cent certainty I shan’t be seen in any of them.
8907	“I can see myself being a career Special – someone who doesn’t do it as a way of becoming a PC – but it is definitely a good way of experiencing life as an officer if it is something you are interested in.”
8908	"I can see the club achieving good things in the next few years, and I want to be involved in that future.
8909	I can't afford to give up work.
8910	I can't bear people who are purely material.
8911	I can't believe it will be 4 years on 3rd June that I had to say goodbye to you.
8912	I can't connect Seagate wireless plus with my iPad Air 1 (iOS 9).
8913	I can’t leap up a ladder and decorate.
8914	I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be on Christmas Day!
8915	I can’t wait to rent the car this weekend.
8916	I can well understand how proud you must feel.
8917	ICARIS also wanted a hosting partner that could offer a solution that wasn't pre-installed with mandatory programs that were unnecessary for its applications.
8918	‘I certainly didn’t think the treble would come through but I was hopeful for Titan Goddess and I knew Spare Parts would give a good account.
8919	I certainly found a few, much to Mr. B’s horror!
8920	I certainly would not have waited 10 days for a GP appointment; I would have gone to A&E.
8921	I certainly wouldn't feel confident using it for something as important as renewing my car tax - I'd head straight back to gov.uk to find the new page I should be using.
8922	ICE Yorkshire and Humber’s constitution sets out the fundamental principles under which the region is run.
8923	I chose to move to Vodafone and was told that fibre broadband would be available in 10 days.
8924	I chose to study Biology at Hertford College due to its academic reputation and its close proximity to the science faculty, university buildings, libraries and shops.
8925	I commend the idea of having the number of spoons of sugar on packaging.
8926	I completed a Masters in Environmental Design at UCL where I wrote a dissertation on the ‘BREEAM’ environmental assessment methodology for construction projects.
8927	I congratulate the right hon. and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) on his motion.
8928	I consider that the current public health climate is an exciting one to be working in with so many changes and opportunities for supporting the development of innovative health promotion roles within communities.
8929	I contacted the airline on several occasions to find out why my mother’s flight was cancelled and by whom.
8930	I continuously widen my knowledge and understanding of leadership and management concepts and practices related to my context and I work with others to ensure this is embodied in practice.
8931	I cook Anglo-French style dishes taking influences from my training over the years and mixing that with interesting flavour combinations & textures.
8932	I could easily picture curling up with a book and watching the changing skies through the full-height glazing.
8933	"I could never have dreamt that he would become such a symbol of the West Country and such a well-known piece of public art."
8934	I could not be clearer.
8935	I could not imagine anybody refusing you admission.
8936	I couldn't file my return on time as my wife has been seeing aliens and won't let me enter the house.
8937	I couldn’t possible bring myself to run anything wider than 700x35mm despite the Tripster taking up to 47mm wide, I know this goes against current trends, but drag is my enemy not lack of grip or comfort.
8938	I couldn’t recommend it enough.
8939	I couldn’t speak English very well, but Pete Rugolo, the arranger, was there, and he spoke Italian; we got along that way.
8940	I could send my kid to a semester of college for what they want for some sofas!
8941	I could talk about women, I could talk about nudes, money sex, power, and I could talk about China buying the West, but instead I’d like to talk about value—and bring you the second happening of the week—right here in London.
8942	I cover all areas of Building Maintainance such as Damp Proofing, Cavity Wall Ties, All aspects of Roofing and Structural Work.
8943	I cover Borehamwood and surrounding areas.
8944	I created two different ads, with different copy and images, to see which performed better.
8945	I create liquid clay forms for general use around the household.
8946	ICT and training in its use are continuously upgraded.
8947	Ida Barr is the creation of Wilton’s Artistic Associate, Olivier award winning writer and performer Christopher Green.
8948	Ideal for adorning your mantelpiece or windowsill, or to fill a space in your party in need of a little extra fairytale magic!
8949	Ideal for both the business and leisure traveller, these rooms include Sky television, DDI telephone, hairdryer, working desk, trouser press and welcome tray.
8950	Ideal for couple.
8951	Ideal for couples (or families with children) that want to know Barcelona, at 10 minutes form the beach, and at 5 minutes from the Paseo de Gracia, and de Fairground (Plaza España) Designed spaces to make you feel comfortable from the beginning.
8952	Ideal for drafty locations, also usable for curing paints, fibreglass and drying out damp walls.
8953	Ideal for extension.
8954	Ideal for various rooms, it can be fitted in the bedroom, lounge, dining area, hall, stairs and landing.
8955	Ideally located on Ship Street in central Brighton, are a specialist coffee house and roasters with plenty of working space.
8956	Ideally professionally qualified in one of the following fields: construction, project management, engineering, surveying or architecture.
8957	Ideally, the air pressure in the tires of your cargo bike should be at 4.2 bars.
8958	Ideally, they should be SMART - specific, measurable, agreed, realistic and time-limited.
8959	Ideally watered by sitting in a tray or saucer of water for an hour, allowing the roots to take up the water rather than being watered from above which can lead to rotting.
8960	Ideally, you will have at least 2 years experience at a similar level within a similar operation and this is an excellent opportunity for someone looking for a progressive and challenging role.
8961	Ideal to use beside a chair or table to improve the amount of light while you are reading or carrying out different tasks.
8962	I debated going in from Glenfinnan, Arienskill or from Strathan.
8963	I decided that personal training was the best way to pass on what I have learnt as I know how difficult effective weight loss can be.
8964	I decided to switch the Orange number to EE, which I did online, and have received the SIM, instructions etc. The SIM went into a newer phone a couple of days ago.
8965	I decided to wear a wool-and-fake-fur cape because it looked stylish and like I was ‘the kind of person who went to the Met’.
8966	I declare that all the particulars given with this application are true.
8967	I definitely feel spoiled now!
8968	Identified the locations of all overhead power lines in the vicinity of the work.
8969	Identify, analyse and interpret information gathered from our signals intelligence operations.
8970	Identifying and analysing trends in reviews is also easy, using Text Analytics.
8971	Identifying appropriate agencies to provide specialist support or healthcare, and assisting with access to these.
8972	I devised this 20-mile run as part of my training for next weekend’s Great Wilderness Challenge, and I had a nervous buzz as I set off along the Old Logging Way towards Aviemore.
8973	I'd have to second Scotland, but I'd say around the Fort William area.
8974	I did ask several people (CMA members based in UK) if any UK artist made it through to the second round of the CMA ballot.
8975	I did let her know your recent medical history, I do hope that is OK?
8976	I did not realise so many Samsung owners all had the same problem as me, trying to watch smart hub.
8977	I did not use the Sanctuary.
8978	I didn’t completely stop eating.
8979	“I didn’t expect it to catapult me into the national limelight as it did.”
8980	I didn’t go there, so I didn’t sign.
8981	I didn't hear about Gymophobics before and now as an instructor, I LOVE this place!
8982	I didn’t know that spare office story though… extraordinary.
8983	I didn't know what was happening," he said.
8984	I didn't like the fact that I had to go to kwik fit the next as I felt something was wrong and to my horror found out that all four wheel stations were not aligned correctly after your company assured all was well with them.
8985	I didn't set my forwarding service up at the time, can I do this now?
8986	I didn’t want a strapless dress or a long train but tried the ‘Astrid’ dress as a ‘wild card’.
8987	I did the first year in Social Studies in 1969/70.
8988	I did try to say thank you to everyone - and I am especially grateful to whoever managed to keep the Registrars happy when Jennie was running so late Mrs Froggett perhaps also likes being at Buxted!
8989	I’d interned at the ST twice before, managing to poach a few by-lines and learn from some of the very best along the way, but this was to be my first sustained immersion into the world of the country’s leading Sunday broadsheet.
8990	I discussed progress on examinations and inspections undertaken by the Pressure Systems Safety Regulations (PSSR) Competent Person (CP) during the periodic shutdown.
8991	I'd like to congratulate Pat (Ealey), Centre Manager Anna King, the trustees and all of the volunteers for their hard work and all that they've achieved over 20 years.
8992	‘I'd like to have an affair with you.’
8993	I’d like to make a movie called Suffolk Lad but I don’t know whether anyone in America can pronounce Suffolk.”
8994	“I’d like to think we’d finish top eight.
8995	I’d love to play professional rugby and hopefully the Welsh women’s team will decide to go that way in the future.
8996	I do a full strip with the fore-end off and check over the barrel, paying particular attention to a few tell-tale areas.
8997	I do hope there’s more investment in them soon.
8998	I do hope this is sorted out soon as it made me pretty stressed out.
8999	I do not believe that anybody has come forward to buy the blast furnace.
9000	I do not disagree with the hon.
9001	I do not know what it is that makes people think that if I have an operation costing £1,000 in Timbuktu and which I pay for myself rather than on the NHS it does not constitute a saving to the latter.
9002	I do not understand why in the light of that the Government cannot be more specific about what will happen in five years’ time if agreement is not reached on this independent review.
9003	I don't have one or want one.
9004	I don’t identify myself as skeptic and I don’t know who Randi is, I just know he is retired skeptic with foundation offers 1 million dollars.
9005	“I don’t know because the Test matches in England tend to fill anyway, so I don’t know if you need to mess with things.”
9006	I don’t know many details about Mr Clay’s children, but representatives at his funeral included his daughter, Mrs Leonard Marsh, her husband and their daughter, Dorothy Marsh.
9007	I don’t know what goes through men’s minds sometimes.
9008	“I don’t know what the reason is.
9009	I don't know what went wrong.
9010	I don’t know where we would be if it hadn’t been for the people we met in this great city, who made us feel so at home.
9011	“I don’t know why he would be talking about our games; he coaches Wales,” was England winger Jonny May’s response.
9012	'I don't like doing it, I don't like saying bad things about him,' Trump told Bill O'Reilly in an interview that will be airing tonight.
9013	I don’t need to be shown, I know how things are hence family support from a support worker for the last year and the parenting course.
9014	I don't resent helping, but it is never appreciated.
9015	I don’t think any of us knew the impact that Laura’s suggestion was going to have on us over the course of the following 6-months.
9016	I don't think anything passes right off the bat, and it's easy to trip yourself up, so make sure you're calm and think things through.”
9017	I don't think i read anything in the comments about Asus is it not popular enough for people to comment about?
9018	I don't think it is helpful of fair to go on about kids/grandkids not being able to afford their own home, yes they are expensive and yes it is difficult, and I'm sure it is impossible to save for a deposit in a couple of months.
9019	I don’t think there’s any other job where you get to learn so many things about so many different people.
9020	“I don’t think these dates are set in stone.
9021	I don’t think they really saw past what they were doing, to see that they were harming the thing they believed they were fighting so hard to protect.
9022	I don't think we ever waited more than a minute.
9023	I do think Ruthin is very pretty.
9024	I do this by using techniques based on SLS and Estill methods which help to eliminate bad habits and free up the voice, and other holistic methods.
9025	I do try to support the local community as much as possible.
9026	I doubt that we will sail with Silverseas again.
9027	I doubt they'd leave it empty looking pretty rough.
9028	I’d perhaps class myself as a slightly delayed adopter.
9029	I’d recommend calling them up first and saying that you’d like to submit a brief for a website.
9030	I'd recommend the hotel in a heart beat for your special day.
9031	I’d urge every journalist to learn shorthand.”
9032	“I’d urge everyone to spend a couple of minutes watching this film and absorbing its message, as it could make the difference between life or death.”
9033	“Idyllic retreat in the heart of town” This is a bewitching little cottage, ideally placed in the prettiest part of town, but secluded from the crowds in its secret courtyard.
9034	I emailed Jae who invited me to call in at my convenience to have the marks removed.
9035	I employed my son as a researcher and administration assistant from 18th March to 30th April 2013.
9036	I encouraged him to open it and have a look.
9037	I encourage him to seek an Adjournment debate so that he can raise his concerns directly with Ministers.
9038	“I encourage people to have a go.
9039	I ended up working with a committee and the work was got watered down to the point of irrelevance.
9040	"I enjoyed completing my local 10K.
9041	I enjoy everything that I do at Home-Start Shepway and look forward to the future.”
9042	I enjoy getting all the news from back home, all the football and shinty reports and the Lochaber Athletic Club updates in which Neeny’s family are involved.
9043	“I enjoy going to the coffee mornings, it is a nice social event,” she said.
9044	“I enjoy talking with people and taking part in the Livewell classes.
9045	Ieva studied Business and Management and graduated in 2016.
9046	I expect and sincerely hope that this will continue, and be supplemented by our new lay members.
9047	I expected better given that P&P was charged.
9048	If a big win was essential to proceeding, why doesn’t no win mean at least a pause for thought?
9049	If a birth, death or marriage took place in the Redcar & Cleveland Registration District then a certified copy of the record can be obtained from the Redcar Heart Register Office.
9050	If a building is demolished and rebuilt to a similar size (less then 100sqm more) is it a ‘new dwelling’ or just a ‘new building’.
9051	If a business fails to produce the correct documentation within seven days, a fixed penalty notice will be issued.
9052	If a buyer opens a request about an item they haven't received, you can resolve the request by providing proof of delivery.
9053	If a caterer can promise great service, they become the go-to company for lunch, and any other catering needed.
9054	If accepted, you’re given the keys to a relatively large spend advertising account with no assistance in setting up adverts, or knowing how to gain the most benefit from the opportunity you’ve been given.
9055	If accused of a crime, you have the right to hear the evidence against you, in a court of law.
9056	If a company fails to follow the principles of GDPR, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) is able to issue fines of up to 4% of the company's total profit.
9057	If a company has good, robust whistleblowing arrangements in place, how can that be of benefit to that company as opposed to an exercise in minimising damage or risk?
9058	If a computer-based system is used, appropriate back-up arrangements must be put in place to avoid irretrievable loss of data.
9059	If a Costa Gift Card that has been reported lost or stolen is subsequently found or retrieved, Customer Services should be notified immediately.
9060	If after following this process, you wish to make a formal complaint you should follow Student Complaints Procedure to take the matter to the next stage.
9061	If, after using our guidance, you have further questions about a particular aspect of planning permission you should contact your local planning authority, usually your council.
9062	If a good walk around the mighty architecture builds your appetite, sit down at one of Rotterdam’s hippest eateries dotted throughout the aptly-named ‘Cool District’.
9063	If a late frost occurs, the plants may not succumb but the flower buds can be adversely affected at a critical stage of their development, leading to the flowers dropping or poor pod setting in July.
9064	If all goes well at Hinkley, we’ll go on to develop another two reactors at Sizewell.
9065	If all or part of the deeds have been misplaced, it is easier to submit the application for registration of the property when the owner is still able to prepare a Statutory Declaration advising how the deeds have been misplaced or destroyed.
9066	If a loss is expected, the company should consider disclaiming capital allowances for that year or for a later year, in order to use the loss created by the R&D tax relief claim.
9067	If an accident happened, it is highly unlikely that you would be sued.
9068	If an offender fails to comply with the agreed outcome, officers can revert to dealing with the incident through the normal criminal justice process.
9069	If an officer becomes aware that the person they are dealing with is suffering from a condition, they will treat the person as a medical emergency and get them to hospital.
9070	If any internet user thinks they have lost money through malware, they should report their concerns to and alert their bank.
9071	If anyone can give arena rock a good name, it's Arcade Fire.
9072	If any potential Passenger requires wheelchair/ mobility scooter access this MUST be made clear at the time of booking.
9073	If any student has been affected and would like to contact me they can do so confidentially, and I can provide information about counselling and other services.”
9074	If anything, the current Savile row is worse than what the News of the World did - for the simple reason that Savile is dead and therefore cannot defend himself against his accusers.
9075	'If a policy stops families from being together', he said, 'we should not do it.'
9076	If applicable, data must be prepared and offered for deposit in an open access data repository within the timeframe stipulated by the funder unless there are valid reasons not to do so.
9077	If approved by the regulator, both chains may have to give up a number of stores but Sainsbury’s maintains it does not intend to close any stores as part of the merger.
9078	If a quoted figure obviously takes into account a company’s charges, it is unlikely that consumers will be misled if this is not further disclaimed in the ad.
9079	If a review of this nature is to take place all stakeholders should be involved ensuring safety is not compromised."
9080	If a student is absent at the start of an exam, the Exam Schools will notify the College who will then attempt to find the missing student.
9081	If a suspect is a refugee and the UKBA determines that the other conditions in the section 31(1) and (2) criteria are met, then no charges should be brought.
9082	If at all possible let us know as soon as possible.
9083	If at this juncture we exclude those 6,000 tenants that we are suggesting should have the basic protection of the statutory code, it would be a missed opportunity that we will regret.
9084	If a universal credit award is terminated (for example as income goes up) a calculation will be done to work out surplus earnings for that month and potentially the following five months.
9085	If a vehicle is recorded by the DVLA as scrapped.
9086	If a vehicle is returned with less than a full tank of fuel the renter will be required to pay the difference at the per litre market price plus an additional administration fee of EUR 9.50 (excluding VAT plus Airport fee where applicable).
9087	If avoiding cloud solutions completely, use a spreadsheet to record your transactions.
9088	If a webpage contains child sexual abuse content, it is traced to determine the country hosting the content.
9089	If a young person does not agree that an Interim Compulsory Supervision Order is needed when the Panel Members do, they can say so by appealing the decision.
9090	If, before 24 hours, the item becomes a potential health risk, or causes offence, it will immediately be thrown away.
9091	If blisters appear as the wallcovering lengths start to dry out, it usually means there are air pockets underneath.
9092	“If Catalonia is to become independent, other people will do the same,” he said.
9093	If company X can get it right why can’t company Y?
9094	If customers are in any doubt about the validity of a caller claiming to be from Northumbrian Water or the ‘water board’ they should ring the Northumbrian Water customer centre on 0845 717 1100.
9095	If economies seemed to have escaped from mass unemployment in the aftermath of the 'Keynesian revolution' it was for reasons which were difficult to explain on the basis of Keynes's own arguments.
9096	If EE did, they'll just announce it when it happens, not before.
9097	‘I feel a bit rejected if I’m honest but I think that knowing Eddie* it was probably an accident.
9098	I feel a sense of calm and reassurance too that this apartment will really suit me as I get older.
9099	I feel embarrassed when someone enquires about our size, even when I stress that the average daily attendance is only about 484.”
9100	“I feel happy with the way I have come.”
9101	I feel I am currently at a Stage 3 level.
9102	I feel proud to work for a company with this ethos.
9103	"I feel that Theory Test Pro is a very useful app.
9104	I feel that the parents deserve an explanation that is open and transparent.
9105	I feel the lower gears on the Rohloff are significantly lower than on the 11 speed but until percentages are compared can not say by how much.
9106	“I feel very, very proud as to me, it shows how far Liverpool has come as a city we’re looking on the world stage not just a regional or national stage.
9107	If eligible for free school meals, you may also be entitled to claim other forms of assistance, for example with home to school transport.
9108	I felt that the charges made were kept to a minimum and proved to be exceptionally reasonable".
9109	I felt there was impeccable team work to get to this stage, so that we can now look forward to completion tomorrow.
9110	I felt very low and was beginning to lose hope.
9111	If every organisation was able to do at least one thing, it would have a big impact across the city.
9112	If following the above consultation the Order is unopposed, then the National Park Authority can confirm the Order which will be re-advertised and the Ordnance survey informed.
9113	If, following the assessment, you do not qualify for ESA you may wish to consider applying for Job Seeker’s Allowance.
9114	If food and beer is your ‘thing’, take note and keep Sunday 23rd February free.
9115	If for any reason the problem persists, they will return and make every effort to ensure the pest is eradicated.
9116	If, for any reason they will not be able to perform your funeral (retired, too busy etc), then your funeral will be assigned to a reputable local alternative firm at no extra cost to you.
9117	If fortunate enough to be elected, I would be a strong voice for Gravesham in Parliament.
9118	If found to be defective and provided you have proof of purchase, we will, at our sole discretion, either repair or replace it free of charge.
9119	If further certification is required, the translation can be â€˜swornâ€™ before a solicitor or notary.
9120	If gate is open get in while you can.
9121	If going out and purchasing more dishes is needed to do this idea, you may find your purchases don't exceed the cost of saving water!
9122	If he complied, he would use his endeavours to obtain from that body an annuity commensurate with his long and faithful service.
9123	If I am in rent arrears will my adaptation still be approved?
9124	If I am wrong, I will either clarify it before the end of this debate or write to the noble Lord, either to confirm or to clarify.
9125	If I could have one wish today and that wish could come true, it would simply be to have you here to spend your birthday with you.
9126	If I didn't have my shell I don't know how I would manage.
9127	If ignorance of the law is no excuse, why did I get away with this?
9128	If I had become aware that Brazil were playing here, I would have stayed here to watch the match.”
9129	If I haven’t worn anything for six months, it gets chucked.
9130	“If I look at what we did with a tiny team in that first year,” he says with pride of his team.
9131	If in any doubt contact your Local Planning Authority or visit the for further details.
9132	I find it’s really handy when I’m trying to get a good table in a restaurant.”
9133	If in doubt mark the question so that you can return to it later, then your not wasting time or focus by stressing over the answer.
9134	If invoices are to be settled according to a payment schedule, secure a written agreement on when each invoice is to be sent and paid.
9135	I first met Tony* when I was in my 20s.
9136	If it cannot be said that the search fees were incurred on behalf of you client and were not in order to use the results to properly fulfil your duties as the conveyancer, then VAT is required on the charges made to clients for these.
9137	If it can't be repaired by the road, we'll take it to the nearest garage.
9138	If items are held out with NHS Grampian these can be requested through Shelcat for Inter Library loan.
9139	If it gets more – say £25,000 – then in vitro fertilisation will be possible in Watford.
9140	“If it is a child with an adult you would think they would tell them to put them back.
9141	If it is a team or dept manager in the business who either sends his/her people on course and/or has to pay for them out of his/her share of the training budget then the KPIs he/she will be interested in will vary from 1 training intervention to another.
9142	If it is found to be sub-standard then we will refund your replacement fee.
9143	If it is not treated, the glands may stop working permanently.
9144	If it is red, it means it’s too hard – go somewhere else.
9145	If it is the next page that has a page number suffix you will need to edit the last +PAGE in the file.
9146	If it moves down into the drain - then you need a drainage specialist.
9147	If it’s a sector that interests you, our website features live teaching or sport and fitness apprenticeships, school leaver programmes and sponsored degrees.
9148	If it’s covered by the manufacturer’s warranty, you won’t be charged for this.
9149	If it’s damaged rather than faulty, we’ll let you know how much the repair will cost.
9150	If it’s your 1st time at the clinic, reach your destination at least 15 minutes early to total the necessary forms.
9151	If it’s your son’s graduation or dad’s you're after, mark the event with one of our Personalised Silver Hip Flasks, then browse our Personalised Alcohol to create a combo of presents the recipient will thank you for.
9152	If it was me I would probably file for divorce as he has had a year to come back to you and try and work on things but has continued with his other relationship.
9153	If it was up to me I would have fought the 10th round all day, show my boxing ability I’ll be back."
9154	If it works for them, I think I can make it work for me, they too are dealing with massive data volumes.
9155	If I was starting out again, I would only buy Android based tablets for my kids.
9156	"If I was talking to any of the GMs or coaches, I would tell them he's not going to hurt the locker room in any possible way," Romo said.
9157	If Labour does lose, then there will be an immediate debate about whether Mr Corbyn should stay on as leader.
9158	If, like me, you have children, then your bathroom mirror is probably covered in grubby handprints and smiley faces drawn in the steam.
9159	If managed and implemented correctly, the reviews given to your site could increase conversion by approximately 20% (Bazaarvoice).
9160	IfM ECS runs bespoke executive and professional development programmes for large manufacturing and technology companies.
9161	If, Mr Hood, you had had the pleasure of visiting me in my constituency and coming to my home in Moulton, Lincolnshire, you might have had the enormous pleasure of seeing me standing on a chair in my conservatory.
9162	If necessary, a corticosteroid injection can be repeated, but you'll usually only be able to have two or three injections a year.
9163	If necessary, you can add more search criteria below to further refine the results of your search.
9164	If not, leave for another half an hour and try again.
9165	If not please let me know how to enter this.
9166	If not, please specify which body undertakes this function.
9167	If not, then a level of income they would not accept during their working career could well become the norm in retirement.
9168	If not, you should consider preparing some to help avoid unnecessary confusion and disputes.
9169	I focus on providing clear, robust advice to clients, often at key points in the development of their business and sometimes in difficult circumstances.
9170	If offered the position, you will be expected to produce evidence of any membership of Professional or Regulatory Bodies that are essential for the post.
9171	If official eyes were kept unclosed many disreputable acts, which from time to time obtained publicity, would never have occurred.
9172	If, on the other hand, the agent acts against your instructions, then the agent is likely to be liable to both you and the tenant for any losses accrued from their actions.
9173	If, on the other hand, the skills of migrants are complementary to those of existing workers, all workers experience increased productivity which can be expected to lead to a rise in the wages of existing workers.
9174	If, on the other hand, you don't mind setting some money aside for at least five years and risking it on the stock market, a is certainly worth considering.
9175	I forgot the address of the online diary, can you help?
9176	I found Connells very helpful with all the house moving.
9177	I found it very hard to put down and was surprised by the very unexpected last page.
9178	I found Mike´s learning materials fantastic and supported me in visualising maneuvers before attempting them.
9179	I found staff are very helpful and attentive and flexible and went the extra mile to make delegates feel special (eg opening the dining hall for the delegates to have a look).
9180	I found the accents espresso very easy to use, The coffee produced by it is superb, I can thoroughly recommend it!
9181	I found the application process to be a stressful time as everyone does - there is always the looming question of “am I doing this right?”
9182	I found the ideal subject almost immediately on my bookshelves: I had loved the novels of Pamela Hansford Johnson from my youth onward, and found that no biography had been written about her.
9183	I found the perfect programme for me in Cambridge, which is such a stunning and unique place.
9184	I found the website easy to use and the sauces came wrapped and packed securely within a few days.
9185	I found which they experienced an effective shuttle may perhaps acquire me back again and forth to downtown together with the primary stuffs which i determined for my transient take a look at.
9186	If our tests of administrative data are successful, we’ll be able to produce census-type statistics much more often – potentially every year.
9187	If Participants use voice, SMS or data in a European O2 Travel Destination then provided usage is as per the O2 Travel terms and conditions for European Destinations then no further charges will apply.
9188	If planning permission has not yet been granted or you do not yet have drawings, we are happy to recommend one of our local Cambridge architects for the project.
9189	If Pope Benedict XVI had displayed such a hypocritical attitude towards a clerical child abuser, the roof would have fallen in on him: he’d have been driven out of office instead of resigning.
9190	If possible, do not use the older command to run your scripts as this will execute the script using PHP version 4.4.
9191	If possible, involve beneficiaries in telling your charity’s narrative as emotion can often trump obvious facts and figures.
9192	If possible, try to maintain some cash reserves in case of any shortfalls in sales or the rise of new business opportunities, such as discounted stock.
9193	If properly cared for, can be reworn if desired.
9194	If Remain is your priority then you have to quit Labour.
9195	If Savile had never existed, the chattering classes would have had to invent him, so perfect an encapsulation is he of their degenerate view of the whole of adult society today.
9196	If seizure lasts more than 5 minutes call your vet for advice.
9197	If she is pregnant, surgery will be postponed.
9198	If so, I'll switch it off in the evenings 'cos I happen to like foxes!
9199	If so, it is likely the replacement of the level crossing by a bridge put an end to this scheme.
9200	If so it was rebuilt when he returned from exile in 1158.
9201	If someone is charging you, then that is not right.
9202	If so, this property is the one for you.
9203	If so, this tour is for you.
9204	If so, why not consider one of our trainee positions.
9205	If so, you could be the HR & Change Analyst we're looking for.
9206	If SSP is not paid you should query the position with the employer and contact the Benefits Agency.
9207	If submitting a transcript in another language, the candidate must also provide an English translated copy.
9208	If successful a trained volunteer will deliver your books to your home on a regular basis.
9209	If T21 was a smart-home retailer…
9210	If that is what you require, then Volkswagen’s Caddy Maxi 4Motion – our 4x4 Van of the Year for 2012 – could match your requirements.
9211	If that kind of disruption hasn’t been felt in your industry then chances are you are next!
9212	If that’s not enough for you, get a load of this incredible bonus!
9213	If the affair is over, should you tell?
9214	If the amount it is sold for is less than the amount you owe, you’ll still be liable to pay the shortfall.
9215	If the animal is not on the holding of birth, the replacement tag must be red.
9216	If the Bees can deliver an attacking performance similar to that at Oakwell on Saturday, then they’ll take some stopping, that’s for sure.
9217	If the Bid+ setting is on and your ad is clicked in the TOP placement, it is expected that your aCPC will increase.
9218	If the budget is small and the goals are to big to achieve we will work with you understand what can be done to achieve your goals.
9219	If the case against them was proved, then they would be corrected - by excommunication, performance of penance (a humiliating public confession of their offence) or by the imposition of a fine.
9220	If the change is material, we will publish details of the change not less than two months’ notice of the change so that you can exercise your rights, if appropriate, before the change comes into effect.
9221	If the child was not the person who reported the incident, has the child been spoken to?
9222	If the council decide not to award you any relief we will also let you know.
9223	If the country in which the applicant was based is not listed on either of the two websites, please contact that country’s Embassy, High Commission or Consulate in the UK for advice.
9224	If the court order pre-dates 15 March 1988 your ex-husband may be due some tax relief on the maintenance if he or you were born before 6 April 1935, and in that case the maintenance may in part be taxable, but this is unlikely.
9225	If the current, functioning, central manager machine stops working, then this daemon ensures that another machine takes its place, and becomes the central manager of the pool.
9226	If the deceased person has made a will, those named can carry out the funeral arrangements.
9227	If the depression doesn't respond to antidepressant medication alone, other treatments, such as CBT, may also be used to help achieve better results.
9228	If the driver has no change they will give you an ‘IOU’ ticket.
9229	If the employer does not challenge this, the notice is issued.
9230	If the Enforcement Agent visits your property, they will request your debt is paid in full or you will need to enter into a Controlled Goods Agreement.
9231	If the ESH measure does not adequately heat the entire property, then the percentage of property treated (POPT) should be reduced to reflect this.
9232	If the examiners recommend (c) or (d), they will prepare a statement of the revision that is required.
9233	If the freezing level has stayed below 900 metre for a day or more you can expect some icy condition high up on the mountains.
9234	If the house needs sprucing-up to launch to the market for sale, then it is likely the garden does too.
9235	If the inspector considers the applicant’s procedures and premises to be suitable, the licence will be issued.
9236	If the IRA is allowed to win this war I shudder to think what will be the future of the people living in Northern Ireland.
9237	If the journalist involved was seriously concerned about MPs' use of social media, why did he target only Tories?
9238	If the net error is larger than this you need to write to the Tax Office setting out what went wrong and how you have corrected the problem.
9239	If the owner does not take action, we may carry out the work and recover costs from the owner.
9240	If the parole board recommend release, the prisoner can serve the rest of their sentence in the community.
9241	If the payment is stopped it will normally become payable again from your Normal Pension Age but there are provisions to allow it to be paid earlier.
9242	If the property remains unoccupied and unfurnished after the six week period has elapsed, the full council tax becomes payable.
9243	If the proposals are supported by Cabinet, they will go to Full Council on December 19 for the capital funding to be agreed.
9244	If there are lessons to be learned in our relationship with the tech world in advertising, perhaps cinema has the answer.
9245	If there are no scripts at all, you still need to send us the register using the label you received.
9246	If there are not sufficient front of house staff at the venue the producer will also be ripping tickets and selling programmes on the door.
9247	If there is a piece you love, You can contact me and make an offer or bid and could get the piece you want at a lower price.
9248	If there isn't a financial scheme like a pre-paid funeral plan or insurance policy, you can request money from the late customer's savings or bank account as long as there are enough funds in it.
9249	If there is one thing that this wish list has shown, it is that innovation comes in all shapes and sizes.
9250	If there is that consensus, it is important that we get to the bottom of it in Committee and do what we can in this place to get it right.
9251	If the relevant grounds exist and there is a real risk that recoverable property will be dissipated, the authorities will often apply for a restraint or freezing order.
9252	If there’s a big field we will need to be away from it because otherwise he slightly curls up.”
9253	If there’s evidence of you breaking the law, you can expect a £400 fine before an escalation notice is issued – demanding fines of up to £10,000 a day, depending on how many staff you employ.
9254	If there’s one thing that symbolises the essence of British custom, it’s the taking of Afternoon Tea.
9255	If these claims are real then server suppliers like Cisco, Dell, HPE and others are in for a mighty market shock as one IRIS server could replace five or more standard servers.
9256	If these contact details are also used for VAT and PAYE you need to tell those departments separately.
9257	If the software doesn't work for you or it doesn't suit your business, then it's too late to decide this once you've already signed up with the provider.
9258	If the stools are firm, but get softer towards the end, this is a classic sign of overfeeding.
9259	If the title eludes Blues, coach will be aiming for title next time aroundBlues' head coach Geoff Wappett is preparing his men for an assault on the league title next season.
9260	If the website does not have the details of the motorcycle you want to buy, check to see if the trader is using a disclaimer stating that the mileage is not guaranteed and so cannot be relied on; this may be on the odometer itself and/or on the contract.
9261	If they agree, you or the landlord should then write to the court saying you have both agreed to an adjournment.
9262	If they are then referred for treatment their excess will apply in the normal way.
9263	If they do have this capacity then they are considered competent to give their own consent to the processing, unless it is evident that they are acting against their own best interests.
9264	If they do not take either action, we will automatically decline the request so that you are able to submit a booking request on an alternate property.
9265	If they do work there is the danger that empty tunnels may be taken over by an enterprising newcomer.
9266	If they earn more than the NI threshold (£87 per week for 2007/08) and have worked for you for at least 6 months, you will also be required to pay them at the statutory rate during most of that leave period.
9267	If they have instantaneous energy usage information of all 25 million homes in the UK they can quickly see national demand, and plan supply accordingly.
9268	If they have your details as a result of the purchase of the product, they can contact you directly.
9269	If they see a link that says “View Supplier Page” it may not be clear whether this will take them into a supplier-specific page within our service, or to the supplier’s publicly-viewable web address.
9270	If they seem strangely similar to the questions that form part of the security checks for your online bank or other personal accounts, beware.
9271	If they take the single GCSEs they will receive a single 9 to 1 grade for each subject, in the same way as for other reformed GCSEs.
9272	If third party insurance is not enough for your needs, your insurer may be able upgrade your existing policy to be covered abroad.
9273	If this development gets the green light it will be even more dangerous especially for the groups of primary school children that regularly walk up past the mill to the nearby church.
9274	If this does not happen the young person is at risk of not receiving the help and support required for them to achieve the best outcomes in their adult life.
9275	If this doesn’t work, seek legal advice.
9276	If this event is so popular (and it is very popular, albeit for a few short moments as the peloton flashes by), then let it be like other popular events and paid for by supporters themselves or by sponsors.
9277	If this happens on entering, take a paper ticket to open the barriers (then discard it) and the system will reset itself for when you exit.
9278	If this is not successful they may decide that your complaint should be considered by a committee of governors.
9279	If this is the case, we can provide you with a “Working from Home” policy which will cover you to see clients at home.
9280	If this scheme were realized, Israel would be protected from Hamas; and Gazan Palestinians would be protected from Israel.
9281	If this were to happen, Dignity would re-allocate your Plan to a new Nominated Funeral Director.
9282	If tickets dispatched by Royal Mail ordinary post are returned to us as ‘addressee unknown’ we reserve the right to cancel your booking and make a refund of the ticket price only.
9283	If Tom Blackburn was still around Rutherford could have found himself being introduced as Margaret.
9284	If Tommy’s closes it’ll mean twice the amount of people trying to use Guy’s.
9285	If travelling alone, inform the flight attendant.
9286	If two people can play a gaming machine simultaneously, then the machine counts as two machines.
9287	If we all work together, we can create a cleaner environment for everyone”.
9288	If we are able to offer your child a place, we will contact you.
9289	If we are fully booked there will be no one-day courses available for that week.
9290	If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we will continue to take measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information and give affected users notice before transferring any personal information to a new entity.
9291	“If we are to bridge the impending skills gap and attract the more than 220,000 people we need, we must put our full support behind initiatives such as Go Construct.”
9292	If we can change the culture, the societies may one day dissipate on their own accord, without going underground.
9293	If we cannot agree the market value of the property with you, then the Mortgage Deed sets out a dispute process.
9294	If we can overcome this kind of subjective codswallup we will start a wonderfully exciting revolution in house building.
9295	"If we can't score then we have to take a point and respect it because I feel there were far too many times last year we didn't do that.
9296	If we charge less, then that impacts our ability to pay for the resources that makes our service so good.
9297	If we charge you a penalty, you’ve the right to ask for a review or to appeal.
9298	If we consider that you are using this Website for commercial purposes, we may suspend or withdraw your access immediately and, if appropriate, pursue legal action against you.
9299	If we decide in the future to supplement and combine this with personal information collected by third parties, we will update this policy and notify you of the changes in the manner described in the ‘Updates to this policy’ section above.
9300	If we decide that there is a justifiable need for some work to take place, we will add it to our list of schemes.
9301	If we didn’t have Fareshare, a lot of the activities we wouldn’t be able to do.
9302	If we don't have the product you are looking for we have a specialist sourcing team who can find it for you.
9303	“If we don’t stop this plan what happens next?
9304	If we’d responded to the customer on time and more appropriately, the issue wouldn’t have been escalated and we wouldn’t have this problem!”
9305	If we had an answer to that, we would solve many of the world's teenage problems, wouldn't we?
9306	If we had to pick one highlight from this release, it would be the improvements made to the Lightning Datatable component.
9307	If we have been quiet recently, it is because we have been so busy.
9308	If we haven’t got any decent promo codes up for grabs, sign up for the Brook Taverner newsletter before you place your next order because when you do, you’ll receive a 10% discount code!
9309	If we know this to be true, then it seems reasonable to try and rid the playground of the type of settings that would require this level of social etiquette.
9310	If we provide on-going support to help you manage more independently we normally review the care you receive from time to time to see how it’s going and make sure that the support is at the right level for you.
9311	If we receive membership information with uncertified earnings when you have not left the NHS Scheme this may result in you receiving a statement based on these ‘estimated’ earnings.
9312	If we receive notice more than 90 days after the end of the deferred period, we may decline your claim.
9313	If we refuse to supply information to you we must explain why, quoting one of the exemptions (FOI) or exceptions (EIR).
9314	If we’re going to be honest, many people don’t actually “read” every word of what they read.
9315	If we’re too comfortable, then what we’re doing won’t be different.
9316	If we send a final notice you have lost the right to pay by instalments and your full balance is due.
9317	If we teach what we have been taught without questioning and testing what we have learned, then we can never move forwards.
9318	If we told you that you had to send extra ID we'll send you a letter explaining what to send and where.
9319	If we were very lucky we could get a lift from the postman in his van.
9320	If we wish to publicise a large win and you don’t wish to take part, we will only use vague demographics that cannot be tracked back to you, such as gender and city location.
9321	If YES, can you Help Raise Vital Funds for our Club.
9322	If yes, then you need to avail services of a right moving company.
9323	If you add the same product with a different weight range then it will overwrite the weight range already in your basket.
9324	If you agree to receive marketing information from us, you can change your mind at a later date.
9325	If you applied in the previous year and your application was not successful you may apply again.
9326	If you apply for an Organ Scholarship at Trinity and are invited to interview, you will be assessed both on your organ / musical skills and on your academic suitability.
9327	If you are 16 to 18 years old in full-time or part time study then you may be paid Education Maintenance Allowance (EMA) instead of a bursary.
9328	If you are a business looking to upgrade your security or start from scratch we are here to help.
9329	If you are affected, please close your browser window, wait a few minutes and try again.
9330	If you are aged 18 to 25, thinking about your future and wondering how your sexual orientation and/or gender identity relates to the workplace and your career aspirations, the Stonewall Young Leaders programme could be for you.
9331	If you are a highly motivated individual with a real interest in a long-term career in accountancy then this role may be the ideal opportunity for you.
9332	If you are a housebuilder or developer, why not take advantage of our position as the UK’s largest and most successful estate agency and property services group.
9333	If you are already claiming tax credits you need to renew your award annually.
9334	If you are a member of the library you can use the Internet and Microsoft Office software in all the libraries.
9335	If you are an approved exporter you must submit quarterly returns to the NIEA in Northern Ireland or SEPA in Scotland.
9336	If you are an employer in the Northampton area we, at Cobley Desborough, can provide you with assistance or any additional information required.
9337	If you are an existing PlayerHD subscriber then your account will now have been transferred to the new iFollow service.
9338	If you are an investigator on the project, you should ensure that the collaboration agreement addresses the basis on which research data will be stored, accessed, retained and published.
9339	“If you are are looking for a professional and dedicated 2 man home delivery service, we would highly recommend using Expert Logistics.
9340	If you are arriving by train, a taxi from the station should cost no more than £7-8.
9341	If you are a self-employed you are required to be registered with HMRC and to file annual tax returns showing your income.
9342	If you are a speaker at an ACEVO event, we will publically promote your involvement.
9343	If you are bringing a school group or other educational group to the museum, you will need to book in advance.
9344	If you are busy and unable to visit us, we can visit your home upon request.
9345	If you are concerned about your own circumstances or the circumstances relating to children within your family contact Nockolds for an appointment this Saturday to speak with one of our experts.
9346	If you are dissatisfied with the way you have been treated by Social Services, the Health Service or by a service provider it is your right to make a formal complaint.
9347	If you are employed then your employer has a duty to ensure that you have access to suitable training and to meet the requirements laid out in the Control of Asbestos Regulations (CAR2012).
9348	If you are ever in doubt, visit our How to report possible child abuse page to find out the different ways you can get help and advice.
9349	If you are feeling low, confused or stressed, it might help to use the counselling service.
9350	If you are going to be in hospital for more than 52 weeks, your partner might have to claim benefits for themselves.
9351	If you are harassed and concerned about your safety, don’t hesitate in calling the police right away.
9352	If you are having problems with Kingston-upon-Hull City Council and would like to either find out your rights, who to contact or make a complaint then use Resolver to make the process simpler.
9353	If you are holding a large, public event you should write to the police, fire department and ambulance services and let them know what you’re doing.
9354	If you are homeless or about to be homeless, we may have a duty to help you (under the Housing Act 1996, Part VII, as amended by the Homelessness Act 2002).
9355	If you are hosting a networking event each month, have a floor open day, or require new machinery for a few days, ensuring this space is clean will make the whole day event run smoother.
9356	If you are in a couple your eligibility for means-tested benefits is currently determined by the age of the oldest person in the couple.
9357	If you are interested in becoming a volunteer, guiding visitors around the Town Hall, please contact the Curator on 01636 684806.
9358	If you are interested in receiving our forthcoming white paper on affordability within social housing or simply like to find out more about our work with housing providers and local authorities please let us know.
9359	If you are interested in sponsoring a roundabout and advertising your company please visit www.marketingforce.co.uk or call 01394 672467 for more information.
9360	If you are interested in supporting the charity, there is a collection bin located on the C floor – please bring any spare cat food you have at home in to college with you or why not pop some extra cat food in your next supermarket shopping?
9361	If you are in two minds, then it’s best not to do it at all.
9362	If you are looking for a business park location please see our comprehensive List of Business Parks in South Oxfordshire.
9363	If you are looking for a new commercial vehicle you can rely on in your line of work, why not head along to our approved Ford dealer in Andover and find out about the range of Ford vehicles we can provide?
9364	If you are looking for an extremely well crafted, luxury practical backpack then the Roll Top Backpack from Seattle based Filson is perfect.
9365	If you are looking for an old school firm of accountants on the high street, who only take care of the compliance side of things, we are not right for you.
9366	If you are looking for Concert Piano Hire in the Locksbottom area, then look no further, as here at Mildren Pianos Ltd we specialise in Concert Piano Hire, to cater for all requirements.
9367	If you are looking for extra sleeping space, a twin bedroom accompanies the formation, neutrally designed with a dressing table.
9368	If you are looking for Grand Piano Sales in the Kidbrooke area, then look no further, as here at Mildren Pianos Ltd we specialise in Grand Piano Sales, to cater for all requirements.
9369	If you are looking for Grand Piano Sales in the Maryland area, then look no further, as here at Mildren Pianos Ltd we specialise in Grand Piano Sales, to cater for all requirements.
9370	If you are looking for Grand Piano Sales in the Se12 area, then look no further, as here at Mildren Pianos Ltd we specialise in Grand Piano Sales, to cater for all requirements.
9371	If you are looking for Head Chef, Sous Chef, Chef de partie, or Commis Chef we can provide chefs of the highest caliber.
9372	If you are looking for reading suggestions (particularly as you approach the summer, when you may have a bit more time), you may find the reading lists for all subjects in the offer-holders' section useful.
9373	If you are looking for specialist legal advice relating to the sale or purchase of freehold interest, or advice relating to ground rents, the expert solicitors at Clough & Willis are here for you.
9374	If you are looking to buy a cheap used car, we have the best auto vehicles super store to buy car of your choice.
9375	If you are looking to buy an Toyger, you would need to pay from £600 to over £1500 for a well-bred pedigree kitten.
9376	If you are looking to buy or sell a business in any of these areas of Ferryhill then we would love to hear from you.
9377	If you are lucky enough to get feedback on blog posts – good or bad – make sure that you acknowledge this.
9378	If you are mobility impaired or have an living alone, our traditional front door step is little more than a nightmare.
9379	If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply return to the store without charge.
9380	If you are not getting this money, you should tell the social worker about your financial pressures and politely remind them that they should be paying you an allowance.
9381	If you are not in a position yourself to trace your family, or if you need help in distant parts of the United Kingdom, or with documents in Latin or difficult handwriting, there are professional searchers who undertake such work.
9382	If you are not local, I'd be happy to take a look for you on my next visit to Kew.
9383	If you are oily, this will be enough on its own.
9384	If you are planning to go crabbing, some bacon (crabs just love bacon!) and a sturdy bucket are really important.
9385	If you are ready to take your photography further or simply want a high performance, all-purpose camera, then your choice is between the small, portable EOS M3 and the technology rich EOS 760D.
9386	"If you are rejected, take the news graciously", he adds.
9387	If you are searching for a qualified emergency plumber in Willsbridge you have come to the right place.
9388	If you are self employed, we will base your earnings on your income less expenses.
9389	If you are starting the walk from Glynde then you can change at Lewes or catch a train to Brighton and take a connecting train.
9390	If you are still not satisfied please write to our offices in the UK within 28 days of returning home.
9391	If you are still not satisfied you can contact the Secretary of State for Education.
9392	If you are stopping there is a wonderful woodland walk and a village shop.
9393	If you are stuck for design ideas Small Business Logos - www.smallbusinesslogos.co.uk charges £75 for a simple logo design.
9394	If you are taking warfarin, there is a theoretical increased risk of bleeding with a colonoscopy.
9395	If you are thinking about applying for a credit card and want to know more about your credit history, you can get online access to your credit report with your Equifax Credit Report & Score, which is free for 30 days and £7.95 a month thereafter.
9396	If youâ€™re thinking of selling the property in the future, then it might be best to obtain a Certificate of Lawful Development, confirming the project falls within PD.
9397	If you are unable to agree on the terms for a renewal, then you can serve a notice to end the tenancy.
9398	If you are unable to make contact with the Environmental Health Department, suspect food should be placed in an airtight container and stored in a freezer until contact is made.
9399	If you are under 16 years old, you must have permission to attend this event from a parent or guardian.
9400	If you are unhappy with your mandatory reconsideration decision, you have the right to have your case heard by an independent appeal tribunal.
9401	If you are unsure about our fees, contact our for full details of what is payable before you decide to view and make a decision about a property.
9402	If you are unsure how to groom your dog’s coat properly, seek advice from a pet care specialist.
9403	If you are unsure please call the Customer Services Team who will assist you through it.
9404	If you are unsure whether your firm requires authorisation, the FCA’s general guidance on the regulatory perimeter in may be helpful.
9405	If you are using the latest version of the Sage Pay protocol – 3.00 you are able to apply surcharges on the transactions that are processed through your account.
9406	If you are using the New Year as the impetus to get your plans in order, simply request your personal guide to our Prepaid Funeral Plans today, or give our award winning team a call on 0800 587 2541.
9407	If you are very long sighted, as well as benefitting from high index lens materials, your optician may suggest an aspheric design.
9408	If you are willing to accept the risk of losing capital and can commit your money for at least five years, you may also consider investments.
9409	If you become aware of other students cheating in the exam room, please tell an invigilator.
9410	If you believe there has been any breach of security (e.g. the disclosure, theft or unauthorised use of your ID or any payment information), you must notify Quidem immediately at our contact us page.
9411	If you buy an EV complete with the battery included in the deal, you’re responsible for its maintenance and sorting any problems that might arise with it.
9412	If you buy a Vax vacuum cleaner, steamer or carpet washer from our website you are eligible for our TBS.
9413	If you buy a VW Golf today, you’ll easily be able to keep your family entertained as the new Volkswagen Golf features a composition media system with 5.8" colour touchscreen, DAB digital radio and Bluetooth connection.
9414	If you can already imagine her ‘Oh, but I just don’t like…’ face when thinking about the sparkly bridesmaid dresses you’ve had your eye on for ages, you know it’s not meant to be.
9415	If you cancel in writing we will send you an acknowledgment of receipt by e-mail, or letter if we do not have an e-mail address for you.
9416	If you can create content that they may reference, publish or link to, this helps to raise awareness.
9417	If you can loan me a good sample of one of two I shall esteem it a great favour, and would undertake to return them to you in due course.
9418	If you cannot find what you are looking for, please contact us.
9419	If you cannot make this decision yourself, we will speak to the person who contacted us on your behalf and we will consider applying for an independent advocate to support and help you understand the process.
9420	If you can’t access your Dashboard when logged in to Online Banking, your Dashboard may have been switched off or your business mandate may have changed.
9421	If you can’t find what you’re looking for, the team can put in some extra research and put you in touch with the right people.
9422	If you can't treat yourself to some luxury beauty goodies on your wedding day then when can you?
9423	If you change your mind at any time you can email us at or by updating your privacy settings on Facebook.
9424	If you choose an investment linked annuity: This gives you an investment based income that changes based on stock market performance, and a guaranteed income.
9425	If you choose not to give personal information Should you choose not to give us your personal information, it may delay or prevent us from effectively dealing with your correspondence, enquiry or meeting our obligations.
9426	If you choose to buy your conservatory or orangery with Anglian, we will arrange all of the above for you, saving you all the hassle of organising it.
9427	If you choose to invest in stock market funds or other investment vehicles, you get £50,000 cover.
9428	If you choose to reach an angle of slide that is just a touch too great, the computer kills all the fun immediately.
9429	If you click on the 'your learning' tab at the top here, you'll find a link to something called the Freedom Programme.
9430	"If you compared it to music, the beat is much, much faster in the Red Bull Air Race.
9431	If you constantly avoid places where people meet, you may end up feeling afraid of those places even when there is nobody there.
9432	If you currently foster for another fostering service, please contact us for a chat about transferring to the local authority.
9433	If you currently have a Touring Caravan Insurance policy, you should start by taking a look over your documents to check your level of cover, in case you need to make any changes before your holiday begins.
9434	If you currently hold an annual Season Ticket and want to renew it, you can usually do so up to seven days in advance of when your new one needs to start (provided there is no break in continuity).
9435	If you decided that you do not want to live on campus (or did not receive a place, unfortunately, places are competitive) then try to have an idea of where you may want to live instead.
9436	If you decided that your LinkedIn strategy would focus on sending messages to all of the influencers you want to read your magazine, you would, unfortunately, be just a peep in the inboxes of your LinkedIn network.
9437	If you decide to treat the warts, your doctor may use chemical products or liquid nitrogen (cryotherapy), but neither of these is guaranteed to be successful.
9438	If you discover that any of the details on your visa are incorrect after arriving in the UK, we may be able to assist you with a correction request.
9439	If you’d like to follow in their footsteps and unleash your creative talent with a career in this dynamic industry, please visit the Contact section of this website for more details of how to get in touch with your local Clipso salon.
9440	If you’d like to order a mortgage statement at any other time of the year, outside of the annual mailing in January, please call us on (Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm, Saturday 9am to 5pm).
9441	If you do get an email saying that you should pay your deposit into a different bank account, call your conveyancer on their main office number (a number you can verify) and check with them.
9442	If you do have questions, we’d ask you to read this policy first as we hope it’s clear and comprehensive.
9443	If you do not collect your parcel within the delivery company’s specified timeframe (usually 7 days), the parcel will be returned to us and you will need to arrange for a new delivery.
9444	If you do not follow the proper channels of registering a complaint, the issue will not be dealt with.
9445	If you do not have a head for heights then what about a walk beside a waterfall at Ystradfellte, or if the weather is “soft” then make your way underground and explore the magnificent Porth-yr-Ogof Caves and Dan-yr-Ogof Caves.
9446	• If you do not have a WILMa account you will need to register on the website with your work email address.
9447	If you do not have them, you can get them from your investment provider (for any investment documentation/information), mortgage lender (for all mortgage related documents/information) or Solicitor (for mortgage completion statements).
9448	If you do not have the passport or driving licence, the Tell Us Once service can still go ahead but you will need to inform the DVLA and the HM Passport Office separately.
9449	If you do not have the required qualifications you will still be considered following core skills screening.
9450	If you do not know who provided the gas cylinder, or the original supplier cannot collect it, you should contact an authorised waste carrier to arrange for its collection / disposal.
9451	If you do not own a home, the additional allowance is unavailable.
9452	If you do not usually shop local, now might be the time to give it a try.
9453	If you do not wish to accept any cookies onto your machine you can disable them by adjusting the settings on your browser.
9454	If you don’t already receive Pension Credit and want to find out if you are eligible for it you can contact the Pension Service on telephone 0800991234.
9455	If you don't have access to a computer, we are happy to send all documents to you by post.
9456	If you don't have an official diagnosis it can sometimes be harder to get help, but you should not need a diagnosis to get treatment.
9457	If you don’t have any coding skills and don’t have time to invest in creating a website, Squarespace is what you need.
9458	"If you don't have local shops near you, you tend to shop at bigger supermarkets where processed food is cheaper than fresh vegetables but not really good for you.
9459	If you don’t have the right grades to enrol directly on to our BEng (Hons) Aeronautical Engineering degree, you could opt to start your studies with a foundation year.
9460	If you don’t have time or resources for internships, side-projects or competitions, don’t worry: you should have a selection of work big enough to fill a portfolio from your studies.
9461	If you don't know where you are going, you are certain to end up somewhere else.
9462	If you don't pay your council tax, we will contact you to find out if there is a problem.
9463	If you don’t receive this, operations can go wrong.
9464	If you don't want to miss out on any deal, look out on our page and make sure you use the Holiday Extras codes from the overview above to save on your next getaway.
9465	If you don’t want to take part in Early conciliation, or if you don't reach a settlement, Acas will issue you with a certificate and you'll then be able to make an employment tribunal claim.
9466	If you don't, we don't know where you've travelled, so we can't charge the right fare.
9467	If you don't yet have an Online Self Service account, you can create one today by clicking this '' link.
9468	If you don’t, you’ll end up paying for lots of stuff you don’t use.
9469	If you do sow them inside, sow into modules then plant out when large enough.
9470	If you do trim your mushrooms, be sure to get all the flavour out of the trimmings: saute them, give them a real hammering, then pass through a fine sieve or muslin and add the resulting juices back in with your mushrooms.
9471	If you drive a diesel Fabia, you’ll find it a struggle to build a relationship with the people who run your local forecourt, as these engines use so little fuel that visits will be very infrequent.
9472	If you expect to arrive by car you will find these useful.
9473	If you experience this type of harassment it is classified as a Hate Crime.
9474	If you fail to follow this procedure and default twice in any given period you will be unable to pre-book a class or session, or make an online booking for a period of 2 weeks.
9475	If you fancy honing your kitchen skills but can’t do the weekends, the ‘night school’ courses might be just the thing.
9476	If you fancy iconic views and an ice-cream, the famed waters of Coniston and Windermere and the pretty streets of Kendal are all short drives away.
9477	If you feel a Police Officer or Police staff member has acted improperly you can make a formal complaint.
9478	If you feel like you might be a bit clumsy or tend to be more aggressive with your skin, I wouldn’t recommend using them because you could cause more damage than good to your skin.
9479	If you feel that the supplier has not resolved a complaint to your satisfaction within eight weeks, you can take your complaint to the Energy Ombudsman Service.
9480	If you feel that you need assistance on an urgent matter such as mental health related issues/PTSD please contact – Veterans Gateway on 0808 802 1212 or Text them on 81212 – send your details and they will call you back.
9481	If you feel that your business offers something that people are likely to search the internet for, then there is a very good chance that online advertising will work well for your business.
9482	If you feel that your enquiry does not relate to abuse or neglect but you have concerns about an adults care or support needs.
9483	If you feel you can't, talk to a member of the HR team.
9484	If you find a deal you want it will also manage the switch between your old energy supplier and new one.
9485	If you find an airport hotel, airport lounge or airport parking product elsewhere at a cheaper rate within 24 hours of booking Airparks will match the price or refund the discrepancy.
9486	If you find your broadband performance is very different from the advertised speed you may want to contact your supplier's technical team to make sure there isn't an issue.
9487	If you follow a link to an external site, we recommend that you check the privacy notice of the site before giving any personal details.
9488	If you get the best rating from the clients then it is sure that you are going to earn a lot of money through this profession.
9489	If you get the opportunity to choose 'English for Academic Purposes', opt for it!
9490	If you go over your annual allowance limit you’ll normally have to pay tax on the excess – but in some cases you can any unused annual allowance from the previous three tax years, which may reduce the tax charge.
9491	If you go to Casa 800 you don't even need to do the research or make any planes, because Angela already did it for you and print a brochure of everything you should visit and see in Cagliary.
9492	“If you had offered us second and third on Saturday, I would have taken it straight away.
9493	If you have a 0% balance transfer credit card, avoid spending on it.
9494	If you have a damaged lawn edge, first cut out a rectangle of turf incorporating the affected grass with a half moon edger, using a straight edge such as a plank of wood as a guide.
9495	If you have a disability of any kind or your mobility is reduced, there are a range of services that can help you.
9496	If you have a general question or query visit the page where you can find a range of contact details.
9497	If you have a joint tenancy, the ADR service will write to the person who made the claim.
9498	If you have already ordered an instrument you can make payment of £15 using the button below.
9499	If you have already sent the deposit, you should have got a receipt acknowledgement email from David, unless you have only just sent it.
9500	If you have an excess, you need help quickly in an emergency or if you need to make any other claim, you can call us on 0345 030 7310.
9501	If you have an existing website, we analyse your website data to understand how users interact with your website.
9502	If you have an interesting photo to share or have written a response letter, please email details to elise.
9503	If you have an interest in your local area, you can go to one of Chellaston and Shelton Lock Neighbourhood Forum's open public meetings.
9504	If you have any concerns it is very important to let your hospital team know about them.
9505	If you have any doubts you should seek professional financial advice.
9506	If you have any information regarding these types of offences, please contact us by dialling 101 or use the Crimestoppers information line on 0800 555 111.”
9507	If you have any issues but are unable to attend a meeting please contact 101 for non emergencies or log onto south-wales.
9508	If you have any news or ideas contact Betty Kershaw.
9509	If you have any queries regarding this matter please contact the FSCS Customer Services Team on Freephone 0800 678 1100 or 020 7741 4100.
9510	If you have any questions about how we handle your personal data please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by email at or you can write to us at Napier House, Trafalgar Place, Brighton, BN1 4DW.
9511	If you have any questions about this research, please contact our customer support team at or by telephoning 01865 332244.
9512	If you have any questions about this update, let us know in a comment.
9513	If you have any questions or comments, please contact us using the contact page.
9514	If you have any questions or want to enquire about dates, use our form to contact Sarah & Phil Bucknall or see their website for more information.
9515	If you have any questions, or would prefer someone to complete the survey on your behalf via the telephone contact us on 028 9025 1600.
9516	If you have any questions please call UWE Bristol Employer Partnership Services on +44 (0)117 32 85353 or email us at employers.
9517	If you have any special dietary requirements (gluten-free (coeliac) or vegetarian), please advise us in advance.
9518	If you have any special needs/requirements, please advise whoever you are visiting as soon as possible, so that suitable arrangements can be made.
9519	If you have any worries, discuss your feelings with your GP.
9520	If you have a paid account or you frequently access your emails, don't worry: Your email experience will remain unchanged.
9521	If you have a phobia, you won't usually have any symptoms until you're faced with the situation or object that triggers your fear.
9522	If you have a pond or water feature, artificial grass might just be the thing to improve its presence in your garden.
9523	If you have appointed an architect or surveyor, they should help find a suitable builder for you.
9524	If you have a project or idea, be it big or small but need some help getting it off the ground, then get in touch.
9525	If you have a property that is as individual as you are, we understand that only a luxury conservatory will fit the bill.
9526	If you have a question about diabetes, you may find the answer you need here in our frequently asked questions.
9527	If you have a story about Volunteers providing a service in exceptional circumstances we would love to hear.
9528	If you have been assessed to pay something towards the work, have the finance arranged.
9529	If you have bold, colourful frames keep your cheeks natural.
9530	If you have broken down without cover you can compare providers offering instant cover or call the numbers below to pay for a breakdown service to come out to your vehicle.
9531	If you have carpal tunnel syndrome and think it was caused because of somebody else’s negligence or an accident that wasn’t your fault, then we’re here to help you make it right.
9532	If you have concerns about affordability, you should contact the housing association for further advice.
9533	If you have deferred benefits from a previous LGPS employment and all of those benefits relate to a period of employment that took place after 1st April 2014, then those benefits will automatically be joined together with your new LGPS pension.
9534	If you have doubts about the treatment, discuss them with the doctor.
9535	If you have dual nationality with one country in the list above and one country that is not, you don’t need to register with the police.
9536	If you have established a connection to your server (access data is usually provided by your hosting provider), you should find the required file in your website’s root directory.
9537	If you have given your consent and you wish to withdraw it, please contact the University Secretary’s Office using the contact details below.
9538	If you have had previous sanctions, this may mean new sanctions will be for a longer period.
9539	If you have information call 101 – quote inc 73. https://t.
9540	If you have never seen a Spaceship campervan before you may think we are similar to a VW camper or VW Kombi van.
9541	If you have not used up all of your allowance, it cannot pass on to anyone else.
9542	If you haven't already got a domain name, you can check to see whether your domain name is available, here.
9543	If you haven’t yet started preparing, now is a good time to do so.
9544	If you have picked your dress and the attendant’s outfits, a swatch of both fabrics is useful.
9545	If you have pre booked follow the instructions as detailed in your booking confirmation.
9546	If you have previously written an essay in college or university you know what a heck it can be!
9547	If you have received consent from the Environment Agency Wales prior to April 2012, this is still valid.
9548	If you have recently paid for a repair and the tool breaks down within 3-months after this repair, Hilti offers the next repair for free.
9549	If you have successfully qualified as a teacher from within a member state of the EEA, your teaching qualification can be recognised and you can be awarded UK QTS without having to undertake any further training or assessment.
9550	If you have the original glass, it is likely to be very thin compared to today’s standards; frames may have warped letting cold air in, too.
9551	If you have to continue using your current bank account, you have the right to choose who to pay with the income that goes into the account, even if your account is overdrawn.
9552	If you have trouble answering any of these questions there is an online tool that can help you organise your business, keep track of customers, remember important information and be on top of your sales, projects and tasks.
9553	If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
9554	If you have, you’ll understand the behaviour of this elephant, pictured at Pilanesburg National Park, South Africa.
9555	If you head over to you’ll find tons of other chat hashtags for your inspiration.
9556	If you head up to Cresswell Crags you could then follow the Robin Hood Way south east through the Welbeck Deer Park.
9557	If you import goods from outside the EU you can store them in approved HMRC warehouses if you wish and only pay VAT and import duty when the goods leave the warehouse.
9558	If you initially sublet part of your office, you have the potential to expand in due course.
9559	If you just want to risk it we have standard liability and half cover options available also.
9560	If you keep animals and you suspect signs of any notifiable disease, you must immediately notify your local APHA Office.
9561	If you know after a few days that you might have made the wrong call then make sure you exercise your and get a refund.
9562	If you know your practice is going to merge with another practice before September 2018, you bid as the merged practice.
9563	If you leave a pushchair or pram unattended, please make sure it does not obstruct pathways or busy areas.
9564	If you liked this walk, you can find more on the Explore Kent website or call 08458 247 600 for further information.
9565	If you like to be beside the seaside, come to Southend-on-Sea and indulge in the innocent pastimes of the Victorian resort town.
9566	If you live in any other postcode in the borough the number is 020 7560 5336.
9567	If you live near Ryton we will be collecting them at the main reception and sending them on, along with the polywraps from other magazines we receive, so please feel free to drop it in.
9568	If you live on a classified road you will need planning permission as well as footway crossing consent from us.
9569	If you'll be using the drive to transfer very large video files, the 960 Pro will provide you with a significant boost in performance.
9570	If you lose your place or make a mistake, just pause, recollect your thoughts, and resume speaking when youâ€™re ready.
9571	If you make repeated contact with us over a period of time after a period of inactivity, we will always check that your details are up to date.
9572	If you may live in remote areas and have few schools available to your child locally, you may want to consider the distance they will have to travel.
9573	If you miss any, not only will you be penalised by your lender, but future lenders will not look positively on your application.
9574	If you must guess, make sure you can reliably undo any change because the result of repeated guessing rapidly becomes an unusable 'tag soup'.
9575	If you name your children anything other than what is on the official list then you have to pay a lot of money for each name to the government!
9576	If you need a mortgage, it is prudent to have discussed all the financial implications with your lender, and have arranged a mortgage in principle.
9577	If you need anything to do with pallets you have to give us a call.
9578	If you need help and support, call the domestic abuse helpline on 0800 980 3331”
9579	If you need help in sourcing the perfect property for you, then please contact our friendly team on 0333 2020899.
9580	If you need help to dispose of medical waste please contact our Customer Services Centre on 0303 123 1020.
9581	If you need help to do this, make sure you acknowledge that someone else has helped you.
9582	If you need help, you've just got to ask for it.
9583	If you need money, don’t be tempted by instant loans.
9584	If you need to complain about something, we encourage you to do so.
9585	If you need to flood wire your new office or you are planning an office move around to make more space for additional employees, we can help you with our thorough professional data cabling service using Cat5e, CAT6 and Fibre Optic.
9586	If you need to speak to your support worker, please contact your local Victim Support office.
9587	If you notice any side effects that aren't listed below, discuss them with your doctor or nurse.
9588	If you open your account via the Internet Bank or Banking app, you will need to make a minimum initial deposit of £1.
9589	If you operate the company payroll yourself, you must report employees’ payments and deductions to HMRC on or before each payday and then pay what you owe to HMRC monthly – although small employers may be able to pay quarterly.
9590	If you opt to cancel in these circumstances, we will refund the price you have paid for your Ticket affected by the Event Outside Our Control, including any delivery charges.
9591	“If you or your child develops any of these symptoms you should contact your GP.
9592	If you own a bike that you wish to have security marked, and, registered with the National Bike Register data base.
9593	If you own a computer running a Operating system you must use Outlook 2003, Outlook 2007 or Outlook 2010 to connect to your exchange account.
9594	If you own an available front drive, off-street space, or lock-up garage by Clapham then you could be making extra cash by renting it out.
9595	If you prefer, Shannon Sales have a vast selection of carpet samples within store ranging from hard wearing, stain free polypropylene, luxurious Saxonies, wool Berber loop and twists to Wiltons and timeless Axminsters.
9596	If you prefer to exfoliate more often, use a mild exfoliant that is designed to be used daily.
9597	If you prefer to travel by car, Victoria Car Park is located less than a minute from our store.
9598	If you purchase the property and this is applicable to you, we will contact you.
9599	If you qualify for housing benefit you can view and check your claim online via MyHarrow Account.
9600	If your address is a term-time address, it is also important that you let us know which alternative address you would like us to use, and whether you are able to access your school email account from home.
9601	If your app acts as a platform for content, it has to be hosted by you – any externally hosted content won’t be covered by endless data and will instead come out of a customer’s data allowance if they open it.
9602	If your application is received on or after 1 October 09 then your application will be under section 243. The appropriate form is available on request from our contact centre.
9603	If your application is successful you will be sent a deadline date for changes.
9604	If your baby is just starting to point and name familiar objects, then they'll love this gorgeous board book, which marks The Baby's Catalogue's 30th anniversary.
9605	If your blood oxygen levels are normal while you're resting but fall when you exercise, you may be able to have ambulatory oxygen therapy rather than long-term oxygen therapy.
9606	If your browser has JavaScript disabled, tailored content cookies will be disabled too.
9607	If your business has what it takes to compete for the Bondholder crown, sign up today to support a local charity!
9608	If your business is in the Barnet area we, at Davis Bonley can help you consider whether an LLP structure is appropriate for your business.
9609	If your business is in the Essex area or you are employed in the area we, at Baker Chapman, can advise you on the employer provided car benefit rules.
9610	If your business needs short term finance for a big purchase or office move a commercial bridging loan could help.
9611	If your business works with residential care homes providing services or products, Selectabase can help you target these businesses across the UK, allowing your sales team to get in touch with the right people and to help expand your business.
9612	If your centre administrator leaves, please complete and send us a new Interchange Agreement, informing us the previous administrator has left.
9613	If your child is older they might say, “My chest’s hurting or “I’ve got a tummy ache”.
9614	If your chosen contractor were to cease trading you could be left with faulty goods, a guarantee of absolutely no value and the prospect of paying for the work to be done again.
9615	If your circumstances change, your DLA award can also be changed.
9616	If your company inputs an unusual or new transaction that your auditor is likely to quiz further down the line, don’t wait until your financial year-end to address it.
9617	If your content isn’t giving them that something, then Google will rank a site that is.
9618	If your debts are on a credit card that have a high interest rate, that means you will normally pay back less interest on your debt with a loan.
9619	If your dog is suitable for the scheme, you will then be expected to bring your dog to our Godmanchester Centre on a pre-arranged date to be checked by a veterinarian and for any further assessments.
9620	If you’re a business owner, you’ll remember your staging date and you’re probably accustomed to paying employer contributions towards an employee’s workplace pension.
9621	If you're a commuter or park your car regularly at London Portman Square, take advantage of the best parking rates available with an NCP Season Ticket.
9622	If you’re a frizzy type looking for that help tame the unruly mop atop your head, or struggle with thin and static hair, these are for you.
9623	If you’re after an eco champion, VW’s high-efficiency BlueMotion technology has been applied to the already frugal 1.0 TSI, with impressive claimed fuel economy of 68.9mpg and 94g/km CO2 emissions.
9624	If you’re after a traditional tipple, plump for the local firewater, Ron Miel.
9625	If you’re aged 16-74 and you earn less than £6,032 a year / £503 a month / £116 a week, you’ll still be able to join.
9626	If you’re aged 18-30, you can apply to the Prince’s Trust for a loan.
9627	If you really want wooden flooring use solid planks or, if you’re on a budget, don’t use it at all and put carpet down instead.
9628	If you’re a lover of movie and comic memorabilia, then it’s essential you check out all of the dazzling offerings available via Eaglemoss to help enlarge your collection no end.
9629	If you’re a loyal user of an old Zojirushi bread machine and you’re looking to replace it, you will be happy with the BB HAC10 and what it offers.
9630	If you’re already at Queens’ and want to be involved with Access, we have a Facebook page (just search for Queens’ Access Team) where you can find everything we do.
9631	If you’re already getting childcare vouchers you can keep getting them as long as your employer continues to offer them.
9632	If you're a motivated and supportive team player, we would love to hear from you!
9633	If you’re anything like me, after so many museums and walking tours, you need something with abit more energy too it!
9634	If you’re anything like us, your build-up to the wedding of the will have included a few things.
9635	If you're a small or medium-sized business with ambition to grow, the Business Growth Fund could give you the capital investment you need in return for a minority stake and a seat on your board.
9636	If you're a student of one of our Arts Therapy courses, you'll also be invited to be part of a private community, created exclusively for our art therapy students.
9637	If you’re a student, your university or college will probably have an accommodation office that can help you find somewhere to live.
9638	If you’re borrowing a car for a shorter period of time, this can really add to the cost as it’s unlikely you’ll get anywhere near to using it.
9639	If you’re buying your first home then it’s likely that you’re about to make the largest purchase decision of your life.
9640	“If you receive a call from your bank, you should verify the person speaking before handing over any personal details.
9641	If you receive a reminder notice you then have 7 days to pay the missed instalment.
9642	If you receive further results after the application deadline, please see the information above.
9643	If you're coming as a new student, you don't have to wait until you have an offer from us to apply to SAAS for your funding.
9644	If you’re crafting imaginatively and simply wish to collect your career to choose from, you can start a blog or maybe a web-site through your formulating.
9645	If you're feeling especially generous, share them with us here!
9646	If you register and don’t buy guest tickets, or just buy one guest ticket, you can return to the before the registration deadline to purchase up to your two-ticket maximum.
9647	If you’re going to have a general anaesthetic, your hospital will give you clear instructions on when to stop eating and drinking.
9648	If you're having a party, remember to warn your neighbours in advance and tell them what time it will finish.
9649	If you’re having problems, you can call the Online Banking helpdesk on 0345 600 2323* (outside the UK dial +44 247 684 2063).
9650	If you're having your first baby, this pushing stage should last no longer than three hours.
9651	If you’re holding an intimate wedding dinner with one long table instead of lots of round ones, then a table runner is a great way to jazz up a white tablecloth.
9652	If you’re in any doubt about driving, contact your motor insurer so that you’re aware of their recommendations, and always follow your surgeon’s advice.
9653	If you’re in need of help when it comes to handling difficult situations and conversations, we’ve a team of highly qualified HR experts here to guide you through.
9654	If you're intending to look for/start work as a tutor or class assistant in the next term or so, and/or you want to find out more about tutorial/class teaching before you start, then this introductory workshop may be for you.
9655	If you're interested in a new home or land, we can help.
9656	If you’re interested in trying a new flavour or type of toothpaste, but don’t want to commit to a whole tube in case you don’t like it, ask your dentist for a free toothpaste sample.
9657	If you're leaving now, have a good journey, but please don't forget our address.
9658	If you''re looking for accommodation in the beautiful city of York, then you''ve come to the right place.
9659	If you’re looking for a home to really make your mark on, then a vacant, three bedroom detached house on Silverdale Road in Earley could be the one!
9660	If you're looking for an exciting holiday with glorious sunshine at any time of year, head to the picturesque Gran Canaria.
9661	If you're looking for commercial van insurance, look no further.
9662	If you’re looking for great value holidays by the sea then why not take a closer look at the holiday apartments?
9663	If your employee is away for a long time, you may need to arrange for cover.
9664	If your employer has more than one request from staff for flexible working, by law they should consider each case on its own merits.
9665	If you’re new to waste management or want to 'top-up' with the latest knowledge, you have a choice of three different CIWM courses.
9666	If you're not comfortable with using the internet and feel like you need some help and support why not join in the nation's seventh national Get online week taking place 14th -20th October.
9667	If you’re not completely satisfied with either the service or tuition that you receive, you’ll be entitled to a full unconditional refund.
9668	If you're not filling up the washing machine, tumble dryer or dishwasher, use the half-load or economy programme.
9669	If you’re not in a position to hire an employee or temp, try a virtual PA.
9670	If you’re not sure what type of policy you have, the decision tree below will help us point you in the right direction.
9671	If you’re not using your Bluetooth connection, switch it off.
9672	If you rent your business premises, you’re usually not responsible for insuring the building, but you may want to add tenants’ improvements insurance to your policy to cover changes you’ve made to the property.
9673	If you’re on the motorway or a major A road, passengers should gather behind the nearest safety barrier or as far up the grass verge as they can.
9674	If you’re passionate about property and serious about developing your career with a 2016 UK Best Company visit romans.
9675	If you’re planning to explore the area, possibly via Offa’s Dyke Path, you’ll find Hay-on-Wye a convenient base.
9676	If you’re planning to spend your next holiday in the heart of the Llyn Peninsula, take a look at our full collection of for more holiday inspiration.
9677	If you require additional information or details we will be happy to respond where Brian or Alma will do their best to answer your enquiry with interest and enthusiasm.
9678	If you require a photocopy of your application form you must obtain this before your interview, officers will not be able to provide copies for you.
9679	If you require a seat reservation, one can still be made in advance from any manned station ticket office.
9680	If you require assistance with the completion of this form, or with the social care process as a whole, please visit the assess your care needs section or call the Access, Triage and Intervention Service on 01905 768053 (out of hours service available).
9681	If you require more images or if you would like any further information on the furniture you see here, please feel free to enquire using the "Ask a Question" tab.
9682	If you’re reading this, chances are that the Run Norwich 10K, which hits the city centre again this August, is on your list for 2017.
9683	If you’re resourceful, conscientious and keen to learn and develop we will ensure you are given every opportunity to excel.
9684	If you’re seen as a risk, you’re likely to get a worse rate than a more trustworthy company.
9685	If you're self-employed, you could earn between £50,000 and £110,000.
9686	If you’re travelling with children, our family rooms offer the extra space and facilities you need.
9687	If you’re unlucky, you have to bite the bullet and carry around two devices: a more-restricted work smartphone that you use for work, and your personal device that you use for everything else.
9688	If you're unsure about your health, have an existing ailment or are worried, you may want to investigate the benefits of which allow you to budget for the everyday health costs you might incur.
9689	If you're visiting the capital to see an exhibition, The Marble Arch by Montcalm 5-star hotel in London is centrally located for easy access to many of the top venues.
9690	If you're worried about any aspect of your child's care, you should speak to the provider about it first.
9691	If your existing car’s actual value is more than optional final payment, you can use the excess value towards your deposit on a new agreement.
9692	If your existing scheme is a defined benefit scheme, then the picture is a bit more complicated.
9693	If your family have suffered a bereavement, you have been appointed as an executor in a will, or a member of your family has died without leaving a will, please contact us for advice and assistance.
9694	If your favourite airline is Norwegian Air Shuttle you can keep it simple: search with Jetcost and then book direct.
9695	If your GP refers you to a dermatologist or specialist skin clinic, they may offer you other medicines to treat your warts.
9696	If your guests weren’t amazed enough by the gorgeous setting, wait until you reveal to them that you’ll all be going on a VIP safari around the Wilds of the African Experience and the gorilla enclosure where you can say hello to the famous gorilla Ambam.
9697	If your harley davidson has damaged due to a road accident or due to some other reasons than motorbike buyer is the right place to. we will pay you the right price as per its worth.
9698	If your home is in a state of disrepair which may be affecting your health and safety, contact your landlord first to give him/her the opportunity to put it right.
9699	If your immunity is affected, there are things you can do to help reduce the risk of getting an infection.
9700	If your LA is neither one of the created under the Gaming Act 1968, nor one of the 16 authorities permitted to issue a casino premises licence under the Gambling Act 2005, then at present you cannot allow a casino to be developed.
9701	If your landlord keeps turning up at your home, or letting themselves in without your knowledge, they may be guilty of harassment.
9702	If your live chat operators are performing a sales function then the extra motivation from a commission scheme can go a long way.
9703	If your local authority does not provide any courses or funding they are still legally obliged to provide information, as part of their Local Offer, to families about providers in the local area, who offer BSL courses.
9704	If your looking for your marketing to generate more inquires, we'd like the opportunity to make this happen.
9705	If your man is hell-bent on restoring his potency, do dissuade him from purchasing anti-ED drugs off the internet.
9706	If your membership is cancelled partway through a membership year, we will issue a credit note for the remaining period of the membership year.
9707	If your mobile allows it, install an and keep it updated.
9708	If your non-savings income exceeds £2,440, the savings rate of 10% does not apply.
9709	If your offer includes the option for customers to book directly on Getaways, you will be able to use the Getaways Extranet or the Travel Booking Tool to view a list of all bookings made through the Getaways platform.
9710	If your organisation relies on the Internet for anything from emails and websurfing to cloud-based services and off-site solutions, you need a reliable ISP that provides a consistent service and great support.
9711	If your over eighteen, we'll even throw in a Magnum of Bubbly completely free to help you celebrate with us, as Bubbly Limos were recently awarded the Prestigious Best Shockwave Limousine of the Year 2006 Award.
9712	If your pond freezes over, there is always the possibility that any frogs that are at the bottom may die.
9713	If your problem isn’t resolved by complaining to the school, there are other organisations you can complain to depending on the type of school.
9714	If your property is empty and unfurnished you may be eligible for a reduction in the Council Tax bill.
9715	If your property is located in the city of Boise, we will also collect and remit on your behalf the Greater Boise Auditorium District (GBAD) Tax, which is equal to 5% of the listing price including any cleaning fee for bookings 30 nights and shorter.
9716	If your shed has evolved into a giant toy box, invest in a smaller outdoor storage unit and ditch what’s no longer used.
9717	If your spouse disagrees with your proposals, they can submit their own proposals on the Statement of Arrangements and submit it to the divorce court, which will then send you a copy.
9718	If you run an guest house business in Perthshire, feel free to email us the details and we will add your website link and details below.
9719	If your vehicle is on a Flexible servicing regime, the service light on the vehicle instrument panel will illuminate when your vehicle is ready to be serviced.
9720	If your windows and doors are drafty then have them draft proofed.
9721	If you saw anything or have any information please call 101 quoting log 552 of 5/5/18.
9722	If you seek the advice of a therapist, check that they are legally registered.
9723	If you sell any form of food or drink, we can provide a VAT health-check to ensure you are charging the correct rate of VAT on all items, so you don’t end up with a penalty.
9724	If you send your payment by post, you should address it to The Revenues Office.
9725	If you share personal details such as your full name and date of birth when using live chat, you can request to see the information we keep about you.
9726	If you shop online on a regular basis then you’ll be well aware of the potential of voucher codes – they can help you to save hundreds of pounds on a yearly basis.
9727	If you “shop ‘til you drop”, you're probably contributing to climate change more than necessary.
9728	If you sign up for any service update email alerts, such as local parking suspension alerts, you will receive the alerts as and when they are created.
9729	If you stopped paying your insurance premium your insurance cover may end immediately and the FSCS may not be able to pay your claim.
9730	If you struggle to get in and out of the bed, this set is an ideal solution for you.
9731	If you suddenly increase your intake of fibre, you might pass wind and feel bloated.
9732	If you suspect someone to be involved in the sale or trade of counterfeit items you can report this to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at: https://crimestoppers-uk.
9733	If you suspect you’ve been assaulted try to tell someone you trust.
9734	If you think you can provide a child, or siblings, with a loving home then contact… https://t.
9735	If you think your human rights under the European Convention have been breached, you may be able to take a case to court in the UK.
9736	If you think you’ve been a victim you should contact Action Fraud immediately.’
9737	If you think you would like to volunteer your services to a club there are always opportunities within the clubs in Torfaen and I can assist in obtaining training for you to become a qualified coach/volunteer in your chosen sport/activity.
9738	If you thought gothic themes have to be dark and spooky then think again.
9739	If you use a ladder though, you need to think about the safety of it.
9740	If you use an installer who isn’t registered with one of these schemes, you will need to apply for building control approval before installing the window.
9741	If you usually spend evenings in the pub or sipping wine over dinner, take up a new hobby or class.
9742	If you’ve already paid by credit card you should still pass this invoice to your accounts department for their records.
9743	If you've been added to the Wavelength subscription above then you'll automatically be given access to the RYA Recognition Guidance Notes.
9744	If you've been having feelings of extreme sadness, contact your GP.
9745	If you’ve decided that it’s time to change your old wooden front door then our Flint 2 design is a perfect and more reliable replacement.
9746	If you've developed software before, you'll find Swift's syntax and concepts closely resemble those you already use.
9747	If you've ever tried using Google Maps only for the signal to cut out, this aspect could be of huge benefit.
9748	If you've ever worn a cotton T-shirt under your raincoat while you hiked, you probably remember feeling wet and clammy, even though you weren't getting wet from the rain itself.
9749	If you've got an attic try opening the hatch.
9750	If you’ve long fancied a convertible but you think they’re too compromised, it might be time to take a closer look.
9751	If you’ve never switched energy before, it’s a lot easier than you might imagine, just grab a recent energy bill and head to and enter your postcode to instantly compare the best deals currently on offer.
9752	If you’ve previously applied for information about your donor and been told they’re anonymous, you can find out on this page if your donor has since removed their anonymity.
9753	If you visit the HWRC network more than once in one day, each visit will be counted separately and your permit marked accordingly.
9754	If you walk to work, stay away from busy roads with lots of traffic.
9755	If you want a garden waste collection service you must now opt-in.
9756	If you want a higher rate of income, you might consider buying bonds from more emerging economies’ governments, like certain South American or Asian nations perhaps.
9757	If you want longer-term borrowing and more money then it would be sensible to take out a loan.
9758	If you want others to know of your fund-raising - and perhaps encourage a few more donations - why not let us know?
9759	If you want to add some colour to the lids, the YSL Couture palette in 13 gives a natural cooler bridal look, alternatively 14 compliments warmer skin tones.
9760	If you want to browse more gorgeous stationery, check out the must have shabby chic wedding invitations in our planning section.
9761	If you want to claim the cost of replacing carpets, cookers etc, in your unfurnished let properties you should make a full disclosure on your tax return as to the reason why you are claiming those costs.
9762	If you want to do this internally it is going to steal a large area of floor space.
9763	If you want to experience a proper "folkloric" peña with really talented musicians and singers then you should spend the evening at Casona del Molino.
9764	If you want to feel unloved, you should try living in East Anglia.
9765	If you want to get to Leeds, allow 42 minutes.
9766	If you want to keep a note of the results of your TPS Check for later or to send on to a colleague, simply click the “Email Results“ button and we’ll send you a copy of the results together with a copy of the certificate to your registered email address.
9767	If you want to keep the fullness of your style without adding layers, aim for a length just past your shoulders.
9768	If you want to know the answer to this question please come over and talk to us at or book a free 15 minute consultation.
9769	If you want to know what PACCAR Financial can do for you, contact Ford & Slater Leicester and we will be pleased to answer all your questions.
9770	If you want to know what you need to do and when, why not book onto one of our free auto enrolment webinars?
9771	If you want to listen to a wide range of music on your HomePod you don't need to subscribe to Apple Music for £9.99 a month.
9772	If you want to make a complaint about anti-social behavior, you can contact us in any way detailed below:-
9773	If you want to make a complaint about Reiss using Resolver, then the process could not be simpler.
9774	If you want to pay more than your monthly mortgage amount, this is called making an overpayment.
9775	If you want to report Pirate radio, use -
9776	If you want to restrict who has access to your name and address on the electoral register, you must opt-out.
9777	If you want to talk to us about equity release, we’re happy to help – just call to speak to one of our team, who will arrange an appointment with a financial adviser if you’d like one.
9778	If you want to view a Submission that is not public, you will have to seek permission from the relevant member.
9779	If you want your accountant to deal directly with the VATman, you have to give him specific authorisation.
9780	If you were 65 or over on 8April 2013 then you will stay on Disability Living Allowance.
9781	If you were abused by Jimmy Savile, would it better to keep it to yourself?
9782	If you were affected call the newsdesk on 0208 269 7015.
9783	If you were happy with the service and would like to inform the team who worked in your home, please get in touch.
9784	If you will need a guide or escort while away, organise it in good time before you go.
9785	If you wish to attend please complete the form below by Friday, 4 May 2018.
9786	If you wish to come and see them have their favourite lunch and learn all about them from a big cat keeper during your visit, then go to the two tiger enclosures at 1pm.
9787	If you wish to make an informal enquiry about the post, please contact Claire Edge, Student Recruitment Manager (International), Cambridge Admissions Office at claire.
9788	If you wish to remove the need to have a designated premises supervisor for your community premises, the application fee is £23.
9789	If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or any other website, you can do this through your browser settings.
9790	If you wish to see our products, contact us today.
9791	If you wish to shoot firearms without the added responsibility of guns being stored at your own premises, you can do so by joining a club which possesses a Club Firearms Certificate.
9792	If you wish to study Classics and Modern Languages, two courses are available.
9793	If you wish to think about claiming reliefs for trading companies you must obtain professional advice to ensure your particular circumstances may be considered trading.
9794	If you wish to visit outside the season – please call ahead and the owners will be pleased to make arrangements to open it for you.
9795	If you witness any criminal offences please report it to Essex Police on 101 or, if the offence is still taking place, 999.
9796	If you work in Google Drive and G Suite, all of your business applications will plug seamlessly into your handset – no installing extra software.
9797	If you would like access to or copies of your records please write to or email our Director of Patient Services (details below).
9798	If you would like a FREE quote or more information on any of our services, please do not hesitate to contact us.
9799	If you would like a list of other bureaux de changes office & administration listings throughout Aberdeen, please visit the section of this website.
9800	If you would like a list of other cutting tools & machinery office & administration listings throughout Nuneaton, please visit the Cutting Tools and Machinery section of this website.
9801	If you would like a list of other tiling contractors - wall, floor & ceiling office & administration listings throughout Bradford, please visit the Building and Construction section of this website.
9802	If you would like any further information please also send an enquiry to the same address.
9803	If you would like further advice, our can speak to you over the phone or visit you at home.
9804	If you would like further details or have any questions, please see Roger.
9805	If you would like further information, please use the "
9806	If you would like some pamper vouchers for yourself for a treat, send this 'Pamper me' link to your family or loved one, so there will be no excuses for the brithday frying pan or the christmas pair of socks!
9807	If you would like to adjust the gratuities, you can make do so through the Guest Relations desk.
9808	If you would like to change or modify information you have previously provided, please send a blank email to our auto-responder at You will receive a reply with details of how to request changes.
9809	If you would like to discuss your booking, or have any questions about the day please contact the Membership Team using the details below.
9810	If you would like to film or photograph in the Royal Parks, you need to submit an application at least 10 working days from when you want to shoot, completing a filming & photography application form via the link below.
9811	If you would like to find out more about our electric bikes Gateshead service click on the Need To Know section or About EBC pages.
9812	If you would like to find out more information about the events or to nominate a cause you can email Hayley on This email address is being protected from spambots.
9813	If you would like to have your say on which are the best beaches in Shetland Islands just follow the link to the beach and vote by clicking the star ratings at the top right of the page.
9814	If you would like to help, please get in touch with the responsible for the relevant sector.
9815	If you would like to join the BTA as a professional member, you can do so or by calling us on 0114 250 9933.
9816	If you would like to make a financial donation to the Museum to help to mount temporary exhibitions or create educational activities we would be most grateful for any donation that you would care to make.
9817	If you would like to make positive changes in your relationship, if you want to improve your communication style, and develop conflict resolution skills for constructive arguments email or call us.
9818	If you would like to pay us a visit or would like further information, please contact us.
9819	If you would like to read the full research report carried out by ITCH please download it below.
9820	If you would like to receive emails with details of forthcoming events, please sign up here.
9821	If you would like to work out your carbon foot print please click on the link below.
9822	If you would prefer to speak to your Local Blue Badge Team contact us on 01582 547272.
9823	I gave examples earlier, including the family nurse partnership and the troubled families programme, which has a health aspect to it.
9824	I gently suggest to the noble Lord that if you leave your child unsupervised with a childminder for a number of hours in the day, the sensible thing is to.
9825	I get the feeling that weâ€™re in for a real treat between now and Abu Dhabi.
9826	"I get to live independently and have the ability to move with more ease," says one tenant.
9827	I give my daughter a smile and she replied it back with hers.
9828	IGNITE XT using IGNITE foam which is a superior cushioning material that disperses impact while providing optimal responsiveness.
9829	I got a call to go out to Munich in 1982 to play in a big beer garden called the Waldwirtschaft and we were playing to 5000 people, and by that time I’d developed enough technique to be able to do reasonable solos you know and that sort of thing.
9830	“I got a few goals and hopefully I can keep on doing that next season and we can enjoy a good year as a team as well.”
9831	I go there weekly and always have the night of my life!
9832	I got my wife a flask and handwarmer set in her favourite colour (purple) and some nice enamel plates to use on our camping trips with a girly pattern, and a build your own van for my son.
9833	I got some good leaders in there - very impressive people!
9834	I got that shipment in from Amazon.
9835	I got to Bogota on 10th September late into the night and went to the first hotel I could find.
9836	'I got to know who she was before she became "Mum".'
9837	I got used to performing – paid my dues."
9838	I graduated from the University of Edinburgh this year and awarded with MSc in Translation Studies.
9839	I grew up on my mum and dad's smallholding where we had a goat, rabbits and ducks, chickens and geese, so from then on I wanted to be a veterinary nurse.
9840	“I grew up with the idea that eggs are super clean when they’re laid,” Francesco admits, laughing.
9841	I guess I'm most recognised for the little jazz work that I've done nothing of tremendous success, I would say.
9842	I guess I’ve always gone along with the principle of keeping things simple.
9843	I guess the help and advice I am looking for is regards to coping with the burden of these debts.
9844	I had always had an interest in science and technology so when I was about to leave school I was intrigued by a wall chart that I saw about electrical engineering.
9845	I had a sports watch with which I could measure my kilometre split times.
9846	I had a twitch in my right knee when shaving in the morning and when cutting in with a paint brush - really concentrating.
9847	I had a very nice hand-painted plate made for my godchild’s wedding.
9848	I had a Windows 10 issue after an update with my display driver that had a conflict with Windows 10. I solved my problem by doing a clean reinstall of Windows (it's an automated process) on my laptop to revert it back to Windows 8.1.
9849	I had intended to factor Southwold into my itinerary but I don’t think I will have time for that trip now, but that’s just another reason to return to Suffolk again next year.
9850	I had no idea that anyone was using extra characters as flags in candidate lists, but now I know, so I've fixed it!
9851	I hadn't heard about these two websites before.
9852	I had planned to propose to my girlfriend on the first night and Daphne made all the dreams come true.
9853	I had to drive an unsafe car in order to provide care for my patients during house visits.
9854	I had to get through to the casualties and then triage and treat, it’s all I could do.
9855	I had to make more trips in the spring of 2007 for extra footage to fill noticeable gaps, but by late spring the panoramas, the interface and videos were ready to take the next step forward.
9856	I had to wait a full 4 days to get an appointment.
9857	I had tried many things to start a business and very soon realised that I couldn’t do it alone.
9858	I happened to pop down to our London Centre a few weeks back for a couple of days and while I was there, we had an outbreak of giardia, which is so infectious, I couldn’t risk bringing it back.
9859	I have absolutely no sympathy for liberals who find themselves being called 'right-wing'
9860	I have acted as mentor for a number of students studying for undergraduate degrees, post graduate certificates in education, higher level teaching assistant qualifications and graduate qualified teacher status.
9861	I have a lot more than one child and i can tell you when where and why, it is some smart bottom person who thinks they know everything that cant and i want to prove wrong hence the question.
9862	I have also been an Open University tutor for more than 45 years on Mathematics and Education courses.
9863	I have also seen the Community Inspirers grow and develop as individuals, feel empowered and grow in confidence.”
9864	I have always been made to feel part of their team.
9865	I have always wondered why it takes Government so long to bring things forward.
9866	I have an old Mini Mk3 Sprite.
9867	I have a regular donation and attended the climate talks in Paris, and the conference in London this year in response to the UK floods.
9868	I have asked for the call that should have been recorded to be listened too as we didn’t agree to a new contract and apparently this takes 40 days!
9869	I have a spa pool – is there a risk from Legionellosis?
9870	I have a specific local issue in mind.
9871	I have a voucher to use with a business which is now insolvent.
9872	I have been accused of misrepresentation a couple of times – very unpleasant.
9873	I have been a consultant to the World Bank for whom I have written a book, training programmes, been a trainer and a guest speaker both in the UK and abroad on school libraries, how to build, design and how to run them.
9874	I have been happy with the service provided, smart and friendly staff who are always are happy to help.
9875	“I have been impressed with the hard work and commitment shown by everyone taking part.
9876	I have been in my home for over a year now with no regrets.
9877	I have been in this role for just over a year and from my experience I can guarantee you that I am not “just a receptionist”.
9878	I have been seeking intervention work and have been supply teaching which gives me the flexibility I need.
9879	I have been teaching Chaucer for forty years and I have always felt it was hard to catch the essence of his wit and wisdom.
9880	I have been told that I am a good man, loving, thoughtful, trustworthy and a gentleman with a sense of humour and can be very romantic.
9881	"I have been to see my tenants to tell them to stop direct debits and to make other arrangements to pay the rent and other people were doing the same," the landlord, who has eight properties, told the paper.
9882	I have been wanting to try an Angus Steak house for a while now and thought it might be a treat, alb.
9883	I have european driving license and i am on the electoral roll.
9884	I have extensive experience of working one-to-one with young people and adults across a variety of education and social care settings.
9885	“I have felt pushed towards choosing whether or not I would follow psychological or medical/biological lines of work,” he says.
9886	I have flown in and out of LBIA on many occasions, over many years, using numerous airlines, and I can honestly say I have never yet experienced a serious delay.
9887	I have found that some people dont always achieve the results they want or deserve from training in a gym, others just dont like setting foot in busy gyms for various reasons.
9888	I have found there was fault in the way the Council considered Mr J's complaint.
9889	I have given up shopping there now.
9890	I have had my double glazing for the whole of my house from Oakwood Windows for eight years now, and.
9891	I have had plenty of experience with children.
9892	I have held this view and been shouting about it for months, private landlords and agents are in the process of being 'done up like a kipper' by the very party that should support their values 'et tu Brute'
9893	I have inner tremor that is very intense it starts in my feet passes up through my chest and into my throat is any medication to treat this.
9894	I have just sent the following to the BBC: Well, it's 2014, I have high-speed broadband, and I can't listen to The Archers on iPlayer because it cuts out every few seconds, sometimes coming up with the 'insufficient bandwith' message.
9895	I have just spent a week in Israel and I came back and spoke to Israelis and Palestinians alike.
9896	I have known them for many years because when I was chairman of the corporate finance faculty of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, R3 was set up and I have remained in touch with it.
9897	I have lately beane reading the Student's guid by the Rev. John Todd Author of Lecters to Children.
9898	I have lived with depression for over 30 years, I am dyslexic and have arthritis in all my joints, none of which stops me being a fully productive member of society.
9899	I have looked at applying my imagery to these surfaces as a way of seeing my designs as integral parts of the building.
9900	"I have lost count of the amount of times people have overdosed and I have had to call an ambulance.
9901	I have lost/deleted my voucherIf you have lost or deleted your voucher, you can request to get another voucher sent to via email.
9902	I have made some great contacts from both and was also delighted to be invited to be a guest speaker recently.
9903	‘I have never had a Côtes du Rhône white before’ said Jean, ‘it is delicious.’
9904	I have never heard anyone else sing it, though Dave Burland used to sing The King George Hunt to the same tune.
9905	I have never missed a payment.
9906	I have no hesitation in recommending Rees & Associates as a letting agent.
9907	"I have no idea if these are my last games," Coleman told a press conference near Cardiff.
9908	I have no idea what I will spend my McArthurGlen gift card on, but I might take my Grandma on a trip to Coach!”
9909	I have no more details of the computer GoTo 70mm telescope available in ROI, but not in N.I. If anyone wants to be removed from this list, please just email me back.
9910	I have no other devices to watch HBO now, I don’t understand!
9911	I have not caught up with Billy for years, and it was good to see him looking fit and well, his perfectly behaved dogs going out on command, one by one, to hoover up those partridges.
9912	I have not visited in the evening but the old place, 17th Century I believe, was humming with the sound of elderly ladies gossiping over their tea and cakes on the warm sunny day that I called by.
9913	I haven't got a PDF reader - where can I get one?
9914	I haven't yet told him and am now trying to summon up the courage to.
9915	I have particularly fond memories of living at Wychfield, the Telephone Campaign, socialising at the MCR, punting and College formals.
9916	I have published widely in modernist literature and hope to continue to do so - as well as publishing on twentieth-century literature more broadly.
9917	I have received a summons - do I have to pay the costs?
9918	I have received a visa refusal inside the UK, what shall I do?
9919	I have received my Pass but some of the details are incorrect, what should I do?
9920	I have recently visited Mexico & Gran Canaria and my favourite destinations are San Francisco and Vancouver Island.
9921	I have recommended Jack and this office to a friend of mine who is also house hunting.
9922	I have recommended to some of my patients your company I hope they book with you guys.
9923	I have registered for Wi-Fi; do I need to register again?
9924	I have seen first-hand the incredible skills, knowledge and enthusiasm apprentices can bring to an organisation.
9925	" I have set watchmen on your walls, O Jerusalem; They shall never hold their peace day or night.
9926	I have since been an Office Manager in various posts, became the first black PA in an affluent Trust.
9927	I have some knowledge of what is proposed and see it as positive.
9928	I have some letters that Dennis exchanged with Charles Ritz about a famous French rod made by Pezon et Michel of Paris (letters dated during the late 1970s).
9929	I have that freedom now; I have had for the past two years, working by myself and working with Shorty—and it's helped me really open up.
9930	I have then chosen to apply to NHS because I wanted to find out about the public health sectors, see how it’s running – both financial and non-financial aspects.
9931	I have these trays on all my seed feeders and wouldn't be without them.
9932	I have to confess to not having read any of them and still hope to find one in an antiquarian bookshop.
9933	I have to say that what I like most where I work is when I win a deal.
9934	I have tried to show all the issues in the photo.
9935	I have two young children and am very limited as to when I am free.
9936	I have used the Online Ordering System before.
9937	I have used the shop for several years every time i visit the shop i couldnt be made feel any more welcome.
9938	I have used this product loads and there is still so much left.
9939	I hear what the Minister says, but the point remains about the way of operating.
9940	I helped provide the interpretation needed to make sure the public got the correct information during a time where information was vital to the wider public debate.
9941	I help people to make Empowering Changes in their lives across all areas from Relationships to Physical Health to Finances to Emotional Changes.
9942	I hope exposing these myths will help you think a little clearer next time you start worrying about what's going on in your relationship.
9943	I hope one day to say I love my bum.
9944	I hope people will rally to that cause and donate, raise funds, and support our campaign to create something our region can rightly be proud of.”
9945	I hope that my noble friend will respond to that.
9946	“I hope that people will come and visit the site to see what a good opportunity this could be for them.
9947	I hope that we can explore exactly how we will cover some of the new models of employment, in which someone may not have a job with one employer but regularly works for a group.
9948	I hope that when she enters this Chamber, even though it will not be to the sound of real trumpets, there will be trumpets sounding somewhere.
9949	I hope that when we meet in sixth months we can promise even more, and I will be discussing this with all the stakeholders over the coming months.”
9950	“I hope their sense of fairness and equality is instilled in today’s generations of young women too.”
9951	I hope the Radlett residents support this new venture, as it does add a lovely atmosphere to the town, and deserves to do well.
9952	“I hope there will be many others of the same opinion, I think such a thing is very wrong over a built-up area.”
9953	I hope the right club or organisation will allow me to be their custodian.
9954	I hope things went well for you.
9955	“I hope this title is just to draw people in. We will be watching and commenting along on social media.”
9956	I hope you are able to advise further.
9957	“IHT receipts were unusually high in 2015-16, reflecting more deaths in 2014-15 (the majority of IHT receipts are received with a 6 to 12-month lag) and a number of payments from very high value estates.
9958	I imagine her case is not unusual.
9959	“I imagine there are people who would know the markings around the neck weren’t right, so I have to get it right.”
9960	I initially viewed several apartments within the complex and this one had the best dimensions and layout including a large kitchen and lounge/diner overlooking the tranquil gardens.
9961	I, James (Jim) Bland a Member or co-opted voting Member of the Cumbria County Council give notice that I have the following pecuniary and other interests as are required to be registered under the Council's Code of Conduct and relevant Regulations.
9962	Ijeoma’s employment law practice includes experience of complex TUPE matters, high court cases involving restrictive covenants, bonuses and executive severance.
9963	I joked: “Don’t you feel squeamish when you grope around someones internal organs?”
9964	“I just found Somerset irresistable,” he admitted.
9965	I just hope I can find my remote control.
9966	I just loved messing around with kit and tech more generally.
9967	"I just stepped out the way and wasn't really sure what was going on and the next thing I knew, the car went right into the back of my car.
9968	"I just thought I would text him and try, but if Feigenbutz wins, he won't be leaving Germany - you don’t get them out of there because when they do they get beat!
9969	I just want a metal one so it can be sharpened.
9970	I just wanted to reply to your diary as I feel so sympathetic to u being in a similar situation.
9971	I just wanted to say the biggest thank you to you and all the staff that worked on the 21st July at Nonsuch.
9972	I just want to encourage others to think about taking part in research and development and point them towards further help and support.
9973	“I just want to express my huge thanks and admiration to the staff caught up in the evacuation and their dedication to patient safety which has resulted in not a single of the 53 evacuated patients suffering any episodes of harm.”
9974	I just wonderd if you could dig a bit deeper just to see if there's a little truth to it please.
9975	Ikea Reading, based in Calcot, was the first store to built in the UK for seven years and popularity continues to grow for their unique and immense offering.
9976	I keep seeing the same Facebook post in my timeline more than once from the same person, why is this happening?
9977	I kept ringing customer service to complain but they kept saying the line was fine their end and leaving it at that.
9978	I kid you not, they discussed the weather, the sheep and the state of the dry stone walls and the only word either of them ever uttered was ‘aye’!
9979	I knew about the presale, I logged on to get the presale tickets and the site crashed.
9980	I knew exactly where I stood, the options and consequences.
9981	I knew from the beginning that I didn’t want to simply exhibit past collections, so I radically reduced the actual fashion pieces.”
9982	"I knew if I came out a little cagey they were going to catch up pretty quick.
9983	I knew I would never make the London Olympics themselves but just to get to the trials was my dream and that was what my training had been geared to for the last few years.
9984	"I knew the challenge would be tough as it was the hardest thing I have ever attempted, but it was even tougher than expected.
9985	I knew then that I had to offer something back in their memory.
9986	I knew there would be trouble ahead whatever I decided and whoever I picked, ideally I would of have liked to have my best friend as Matron of honour at this might have upset my sister so I discounted them both!
9987	'I know a bank where the wild thyme blows.
9988	I know in the past you have felt nervous about her making a reappearance.
9989	I know it's a bank holiday but NO staff?
9990	I know it’s certainly not.
9991	I know some who might think that there’s little return once you discount the shells.
9992	I know that for me there will never be anything as fulfilling as taking care of this person that I created - that I'm doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing.
9993	I know that one's performnce has to be looked at, in any job or organisation you would expect that, as after all your employer is not a charity!
9994	I know that you are making a huge difference to him with this whole situation.
9995	I know the Property Ombudsman received over 8,000 complaints, but if you put that in proportion, it is 0.2% of those households.
9996	“I know these are small things but I can sit and cross my legs now, and put a pair of tights on easier.
9997	“I know the University is big on social responsibility and I am too,” she says.
9998	"I know they had a five point, even a six point lead at a time but I knew we would come.
9999	I know you are all busy at this time of the year but as applications close 8 November 2015 you will need to act quickly.
10000	I know you will continue to provide great assistance to us right till the very end.
10001	I later worked on the evolution of Lampridiformes (oarfish and allies), studying early fossil representatives to infer the evolution of morphological traits.
10002	I learned everything I could about how they were made and about the artists behind the magic.
10003	I leave tomorrow for Wales.
10004	I led the radiology of a big UK national trial on comparison of breast MRI screening with mammography in women with the breast cancer susceptibility genes BRCA1&2.
10005	I left Coventry in 1973 and now live in Porthcawl, Mid Glamorgan.
10006	Iley Boy bounced back to winning ways at Kempton to give Chastleton owner-trainer John Gallagher his first success of 2018.
10007	I liked the laid back style and genuine warmth of owners.
10008	I liked the loop from Blakeney to Cley better: there were nice mating displays from oystercatchers on this stretch.
10009	I liked the mouse that was really Voldermolt.
10010	I liked the mystery which ran alongside the story of Elizabeth as it gave the book another dimension apart from just dementia.
10011	I like sex but am old fashioned.
10012	I like to keep fit and do so by running, riding and.
10013	I like to think I've got good movement, I know where the back of the net is and I am a big believer in not leaving anything out on the pitch.
10014	I listened carefully to the noble Baronesses, Lady Perry and Lady Harding, and there might be other circumstances, but that is a question of taking into account how we phrase the regulations, so we can take those into account.
10015	I lived at the old Brinklow Yacht Station from 1960 to 1966.
10016	I lived for that place.”
10017	I live in the University’s Richmond Place Apartments, which is quite close to Chambers Street in the city centre.
10018	I'll be referring all my friends after I passed first time so quickly!
10019	I’ll be using this data to put together a factual report on the site due in a couple of weeks.
10020	I’ll definitely be back next year!’
10021	Illegal schools are often religious schools.
10022	I’ll have to get another one now.
10023	I'll look at mail traffic as a pointer.
10024	Illness, accidents, mishaps and misadventures can happen to even the best of us at any time.
10025	I’ll take requests from visitors face-to-face, but also via the web – where you’ll be able to watch my creative struggles in real time.
10026	“I’ll tell the players to go out and enjoy it, and if we play as well as we have been, who knows.”
10027	I'll try again tomorrow but it may be Gumtree, here I come.
10028	Illuminating the Wake Exhibition at DarcSpace gallery, Dublin 12th May - 17th June 2014, in collaboration with DarcSpace and the James Joyce Centre funded through MIRIAD via MMU Design Research Centre.
10029	Illustrated witha fine collection of images and plans.
10030	Illustrated with old photographs.
10031	Illustrate to Accumulate – For years now we’ve seen websites dominated by large high quality images, however we are now starting to see more and more websites opt for instead.
10032	“I look at Hythe on a great run and they’ve crept in there.
10033	I looked around at some of the part time degree courses available from local 'traditional' universities and decided that The Open University offered the most flexibility for my circumstances.
10034	I look forward to conducting business with Zoe and the lettings team later in the year.
10035	I look forward to further supporting our Disability Employee Network in creating greater awareness and understanding going forward.
10036	I look forward to hearing the Minister’s responses to all the points that have been made by Members in this important debate.
10037	I look forward to watching and supporting the work of the new Centre in the confident hope that it will replicate the good practice that has already been achieved elsewhere in the country.”
10038	“I look forward to working with the insurance industry to ensure we remain a hub of competitiveness and innovation at home and abroad.”
10039	I look forward to your final thoughts.
10040	Ilott appeal likely to give each side something but to leave them both dissatisfiedEarly next year, the Supreme Court will hand down its judgment in the case of Ilott v The Blue Cross.
10041	I loved the energy on the day and the support from everyone.
10042	I love flowers, particularly roses.
10043	I love free clothes,” he laughs, the latter part not entirely unprompted by my eager nods.
10044	I love helping my parents Ken and Debbie, with the music quizzes to raise money for COT.
10045	“I love music and I love dancing but I’ve never done this kind of dancing.
10046	I love the spicy bean, sweet potatoes and vege combo.
10047	I love this set, it's cheeky, it's sexy and it's fun!
10048	“I love to look after animals and feel like they are my own, I love them so much.
10049	I'm 100% sure that we did see one of the very first satellites, on the strength of a prediction given on the radio!
10050	I'm 15 in y11 and i'm really worried about my best friend!
10051	I'm a business user, when should I update?
10052	I’m a child of the Sixties, but however much I would like to conjure up images of hanging out with Hendrix on the King’s Road, the truth is less swinging: I was born in 1965 and spent most of the Summer of Love trying to keep my formula down.
10053	'I'm actually starting to like Sam - God help me!'
10054	I made the decision, I defend the decision and I have given a full explanation of it today.
10055	Image and text collating examples of work by Alumni and documentation of their visit.
10056	Image: Artist Yinka Shonibare and Shape Chief Executive Tony Heaton OBE congratulate Richard on winning the Open.
10057	Images of the 2015 RHS Flower Shows are available to download at www.photoshelter.com. If you would like to sign up to have access to images, please email the RHS Press Office at and we will instruct you on how to create an account.
10058	Images will often provide you with additional information, such as occupation.
10059	Imagine how many hospitals, schools, clinics, vaccinations, mosquito nets and so on could be made available to the Zambian people for that much money.
10060	Imagine, if every home, school and office were fitted with sensor taps, the amount of water that could be saved would be incredibly staggering.
10061	Imaginet - Imaginet develops the First Group Touch smartcard portals for easier bus travel in the West of England and Hampshire We use cookies to help improve your experience on our site.
10062	I make unique, bespoke cards for all occasions, for individuals and business alike.
10063	I'm a little less terrified to speak every time I speak.
10064	I'm all about achieving the impossible every day, and so you have to find a way of going forward, constantly pushing the barrier, and being strong.'
10065	I’m also still a huge fan of The Prisoner.
10066	'I'm a makeup junkee, I love trying out new things!'
10067	I managed to grab a few elated winners for comment.
10068	I’m an English-Dutch/Dutch-English professional translator in Wiltshire, brought up in Holland, and author of forthcoming book on my search for information about my Dutch uncle killed in Nazi-Occupied Holland.
10069	“I’m a nerdy fan of comedy,” says Allen, “so this is the perfect job for me.
10070	I married June Brook in 1951 and we have three kids, Lesley, Paul and Lee.
10071	Im a small bookkeeping practice with around 10 customers and no staff.
10072	I may add that moving elderly residents often causes them to suffer as a result of being moved from pillar to post; tragically some die as a result of being moved from what had become their home, and staff that became part of their family.
10073	I may avoid him: which of these is he?
10074	I may be able to find the money through remortgaging my property.
10075	I’m based in one of our London AXA offices and while there are lots of people here, everyone has been lovely and more than happy to help me.
10076	I’m delighted to say that we have just been able to make our second Sêr Cymru appointment.
10077	I mean, Chasâ€™s breakdancing guarantees a few good laughs at any time, right?
10078	I mean, he’s already bragging that a whole 15 people are set to journey in FROM OUTSIDE STOKE.
10079	I mean it is your JOB right?
10080	I mean, obviously we’re going to be excited about a new idea, but you share it in a way that’s very unusual.
10081	I met regularly with an ‘enabler’ for updates every fortnight which kept me accountable.
10082	I’m getting a report generation error when running set of accounts?
10083	Im going to do everything in my power to spread the truth about this brand.
10084	I’m going to sit firmly on the fence for now.
10085	I'm going to start this weeks blog by giving a mention to our early emerging butterflies, I spotted two species while I was out on the marsh this afternoon - Glorious sunshine possibly bringing them out of hibernation.
10086	I'm half-way through the book now, and am finding it hard to put down.
10087	I'm here to save you money by handpicking the best deals at AA Breakdown Cover UK.
10088	I’m hopeful though, and I’ll train as hard as I can.
10089	I might have to make sure my husband keeps the stash secret, otherwise I’d be tempted to raid it for non-emergency purposes…
10090	I’m in an abusive relationship but I’m worried about my immigration status in the UK.
10091	I’m influenced by anything and everything, except for dubstep.
10092	I’m inspired by other businesswomen I know.
10093	“I’m inspired to work hard to provide for their needs,” Jocelyn says.
10094	I’m interested in purchasing 100 anti blue computer glasses.
10095	I'm I really 5ft 10? Why no picture?
10096	I'm just suggesting that things which have grown well in the English climate for centuries (like carrots) may be easier to grow than pineapples, lemons and olive trees.
10097	Immaculate one bed apartment in private gated courtyard.
10098	I’m massively looking forward to seeing how this new working relationship will enable my work to grow and develop."
10099	Immerse yourself in the mystery of Stonehenge, explore two National Parks and have a culinary experience with exceptional seafood, cream teas and ciders.
10100	I'm new here but I'm having real issues with my ex.
10101	I’m not 100% sure what I want to do yet after rugby but I’m considering the sports therapy field.
10102	I’m not going to say it was this and it was that.
10103	I’m not joking, it was a proper waterfall – see the picture for proof.
10104	I’m not sure what the weather will be like on the hen party in six months’ time.
10105	I'm not sure why you have singled me out to respond to by name.
10106	I’m now calling on Melrose to remain true to their word and stand by these commitments.
10107	I'm now reading the first biography to be written about her, Agnes Martin, Her Life and Art by Nancy Princenthal (Thames and Hudson).
10108	I'm off to bed in a moment!
10109	I’m only in my early 20s and one thing I can really relate to is how difficult it is when you are starting out and trying to get the money together for a deposit.”
10110	I’m only just starting to understand what they’re really about.
10111	I mostly deal with commercial property transactions and some residential matters.
10112	“I moved here around 3 years ago and have met lots of new people”.
10113	IMPACT AAS is a registered charity that has been delivering a wide range of counselling and other alcohol and addictions related services since 2000.
10114	Impairment loss allowances as a percentage of total non-performing loans and advances.
10115	Implementing the UK TNP will achieve a reduction in emissions of air pollutants, and the associated environmental and human health benefits, in a cost-beneficial manner without imposing an unreasonable burden on industry.
10116	Important information - Investments can go down as well as up in value, so you could get back less than you put in. The information on this page isn’t advice – please ask us for advice if you’re not sure which investments are right for you.
10117	Importantly, both of the above exemptions are only applicable whilst the stated activity is taking place.
10118	Importantly, many regions can be 'tagged' by identifying SNPs that are characteristic of the region.
10119	IMPORTANT: One month out notice for the Clearance event at RUMSTER FOREST taking place on 25 April 2013.
10120	Important point here: When creating your video to send out, ask yourself if the prospects are "cold" or "warm".
10121	Imported food controls are in place to ensure consumers and food businesses are protected from harmful foods, unfair trading practices and food fraud.
10122	Imports and Exports: Clicking “Report Episodes in Export file” in the ILR Exporter would show a Parameter file error.
10123	Imports and Exports: The 2017 ILR Exporter will no longer send ACT FAM Applies To dates for the latest ACT FAM record for each aim, as per the 2017 ILR specification.
10124	I’m presuming this moniker relates to the area of the dig, rather than a bizarre corporate sponsorship.
10125	“I’m proud of them!
10126	I’m proud to have every single one of you on board in Essex Police and welcome you to our family.”
10127	Improved security – there is currently a programme underway to install state of the art intruder alarms.
10128	• Improvements in configuration can increase coverage and residue.
10129	Improving pay for care staff will help with that, but we also need to commit to improving care staffing levels to reduce the workload pressure and offer better training and career paths.
10130	Improving the quality of bids has led to numerous contracts being secured.
10131	Imran is on the Specialist Register in Respiratory and General Medicine.
10132	I’m really glad I came in through the graduate scheme, as whilst there can be a lot to juggle at times, there are so many opportunities to grow your network, skills and knowledge.
10133	“I’m really pleased with this young group in terms of what they’ve taken on in the circumstances and how they are evolving.”
10134	I’m really proud of them and we took our chances when they came along.”
10135	I'm seeing it V.I.P on Saturday!
10136	I’m so emotional about that song still because it was my most successful song and I wrote it with my big brother.”
10137	“I’m so glad I did the exchange programme and I’m very excited to study my A Levels here next year.
10138	I'm sorry about this.
10139	I'm sorry, but this is just tosh.
10140	"I'm sorry to those fans that bought tickets to watch me play but am also grateful for the continued love and support."
10141	"I’m still getting used to powerlifting, as it’s a change in environment and mind-set from wheelchair basketball, but I still had high hopes for these games.
10142	I’m still in the early stages of my work.
10143	I'm still trying to figure it out.”
10144	I’m struggling but I won’t stop until I get her the help she really needs.
10145	“I’m sure all our customers and suppliers will rally round and support our efforts to raise money for two very deserving charities.
10146	“I'm sure he enjoyed the trip to Slovenia and came back a better player, and a player that I'm very happy to have back on board."
10147	I'm sure that the regulars would be glad that somone had saved the pub and had saved them the trouble.
10148	I’m thrilled to join forces with the fabulous Rosie Sykes at this year’s Eat Cambridge.
10149	"I'm very pleased that CalMac have decided to lay on this special sailing to get people to the island.
10150	I'm wondering if there was still much going on in the 1980s at Brandon.
10151	In 1013 the Anglo-Saxon king, Ethelred the Unready, was chased out of London by the fearsome Danish warrior-king Sweyn Forkbeard.
10152	In 1135 Henry I of England died without leaving a male heir.
10153	In 120 metres go through a metal kissing gate by a field gate and continue up a wide track.
10154	In 1469 the Manor of West Wickham was purchased by Henry Heydon, a young lawyer from Norfolk, who rebuilt the manor house and the parish church.
10155	In 1660, it was no more than the missing link in a chain of parks that stretched from Westminster in the east to Kensington in the West.
10156	In 1663 it was once again rebuilt as a grand ceremonial entrance but was demolished in the 1760s.
10157	In 1704 the Debourne Estate leased some land on which the Anchor now stands.
10158	In 1744, William Wilson introduced linen weaving, which became so popular that by 1794, there were no fewer than 500 looms in the town.
10159	In 1834 Edward Knott, who had been found guilty of assaulting one of the Margate constables in an attempt to rescue two prisoners, was sentenced to six months imprisonment and hard labour.
10160	In 1844 their report revealed the appalling standards of care for Welsh pauper lunatics.
10161	In 1858 John Ruskin opened a School of Art in Cambridge, laying the foundation for the institution which became a university in 1992 and took the name Anglia Ruskin University (ARU) in 2005.
10162	In 1863, a separate chapel was erected to the north-east of the workhouse.
10163	In 1869, however, he converted to Catholicism, and began a new career as an archivist and librarian.
10164	In 1876 the whole church was restored under the supervision of the same architect.
10165	In 1895/6 a red-brick ventilation shaft for the Wapping tunnel was built on part of the original station site.
10166	In 1900 Sir James Henderson was the first to take on the position in the newly created County Borough of the City of Belfast, followed by Otto Jaffe in 1901.
10167	In 1901 it was the scene of a disaster that stole 81 lives and then on the 14th October 1913 the worst mining disaster in British history occurred, killing 440 men and boys, including one rescuer.
10168	In 1904 he was appointed a Regatta Umpire, continuing in this capacity until 1914.
10169	In 1904, the establishment was recorded as having three rooms and a sick room.
10170	In 1908 and 1910, Bone became internationally renowned as his work was shown in France and Germany respectively.
10171	In 1908, Edith Garrud taught Jujitsu classes to members of the Suffrage movement, establishing a team of thirty suffragettes called ‘the Bodyguard’ who would use their skills in jujitsu to prevent the re-arrest of Suffragette fugitives.
10172	In 1910, the Kirks took a cruise trip in Europe.
10173	In 1912 Willie Park Jr, twice Open champion and a renowned course architect, was engaged to re-design the layout.
10174	In 1916 it was brought into service under the 46th Wing and was allocated for home defence aircraft and was provided with a technical area on the north-east corner, comprising three hangars - one reasonably large aeroplane shed and two Bessonneau hangars.
10175	In 1933 he became the theatre's director and lessee.
10176	In 1941, he returned to Britain and joined the Pioneer Corps.
10177	In 1942, the airfield was reopened as an emergency landing strip for damaged aircraft and was fortified with a machine-gun turret, which still survives.
10178	In 1945, at the end of the Second World War, Britain was a highly militarised nation.
10179	In 1955 an engineering survey was carried out on the iron structure of the LOR.
10180	“In 1956, he reviewed all the literature on short-term memory and concluded that humans could handle seven ideas simultaneously, plus or minus two.
10181	In 1964, he hosted a Downing Street reception for members of the British Olympic team, recently returned from the Tokyo Games – an example followed by many of his successors.
10182	In 1970, she began looking after youngsters at a playgroup based in the Walton Youth Centre in Heathcote Road.
10183	In 1976 he became an and apart from a short trip to in 1978, he stayed with Oxford until 1982.
10184	In 1986 the Jazz Festival was launched in response to calls for music with a broader appeal, and in 2001 Donna was recruited to launch a science festival.
10185	In 1990 the US economy was smaller than that of the EU.
10186	In 1994 the UK exported $5bn worth of arms, by 1997 this had increased to $8bn.
10187	In 1997 the band applied to the Arts Council of England in the hope of obtaining a grant from National Lottery funds.
10188	In 2000, to support the activities of the DI Partnership, Deer Initiative Ltd (DI Ltd) was established as a charitable company limited by guarantee.
10189	In 2001 just 11.9% of dwellings in Milton Keynes were flats, by 2011 this had increased to 16.2% in 2011.
10190	In 2003 it ran from mid May until August 25 and encompassed 75 varying acts at lunchtimes and evenings.
10191	In 2003, the family made the decision to concentrate more on online trading and launched their first website in the same year.
10192	In 2003 their son Simon Clark joined the team after completing his BVO and working vintages in Australia, Germany and New Zealand.
10193	In 2003, the lovely Art Deco factory in Shaftesbury Road was converted into 51 loft-style flats.
10194	In 2004 Andrew graduated from the University Chichester with a first class honors degree in Sports and Exercise Science.
10195	In 2004 the Marconi Collection was presented to the University of Oxford by the Marconi Corporation.
10196	In 2004 the Traffic Management Bill received royal assent and thus became an Act (the TMA).
10197	In 2005 he directed Goal!
10198	In 2005 ISWA launched its programme on professional qualifications.
10199	In 2005 the London Philharmonic Orchestra established its own CD label in response to the changes in the recording industry.
10200	In 2006-7 he was Interim Director of the Centre.
10201	In 2007, the EU was also joined by Bulgaria and Romania (often referred to as the A2).
10202	In 2008-11 major restoration, security and audience development work has been funded by the European Union's Rural Development Plan for Wales.
10203	In 2008, Mrs B lost her job.
10204	In 2008 the first generation Renault Kangoo for sale ended its production run and less than a year later it had a replacement on the market.
10205	In 2009, she commenced a claim for more than £150,000 in compensation for the damage.
10206	In 200 metres, at a road junction, ignore Marlowe Road on your right and take the cul de sac on its left, your direction 230 degrees.
10207	In 2011 Sanergy received funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through their Reinvent the Toilet Challenge to build a “sustainable sanitation value chain model” in two of Nairobi’s largest informal settlements (Chonghaile 2012).
10208	In 2012, 61 children were killed and 2,211 were seriously injured on UK roads: that’s six under-16s seriously hurt or killed each day.
10209	In 2012, inaugurated the gallery’s first European location on 24 Grafton Street in London and marked his second solo show in the space in 2015.
10210	In 2012 the Oxford Human Rights Hub was established under the auspices of Professor Sandra Fredman.
10211	In 2012, the Wildlife Trusts celebrated their 100th birthday.
10212	In 2013/14 there was an increase in the number of Adults contacting Barnet for support.
10213	In 2013 Bath formed 0.2% of all UK companies.
10214	In 2014 he took up a general practitioner salaried position at Central Buchan Medical Practice, a forward-thinking rural practice with 6,500 patients operating from three sites in North East Aberdeenshire.
10215	In 2014, Joanne reunited with her album producer, Jim Gaines, and recorded her new studio album in Memphis.
10216	In 2015/16, 2.9 per cent of registered sex offenders breached their notification requirements leading to caution or conviction.
10217	In 2015, 57% of surveyed risk professionals indicated that hiring the right talent was key to managing risk.
10218	In 2015, Clare made her film debut as the younger version of Maggie Smith's character Miss Shepherd in the Alan Bennett film adaptation The Lady in the Van.
10219	In 2015, one Andrej Karpathy kicked off a wave of popular interest in this kind of machine intelligence with the publication of a (now-famous) blog post entitled The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural Networks.
10220	In 2015, the number of people accessing the internet from a smartphone or tablet was greater than those accessing it from a desktop for the first time ever (Comscore, 2015).
10221	In 2016, around 2.7% of the population in London identified themselves as lesbian, gay or bisexual (LGB), the highest proportion of any English region.
10222	In 2016 Barrett invested GBP1.7m in new saw drill lines for sites in Bradford, Ireland and Scunthorpe as part of a total GBP4.7m investment package.
10223	In 2016, he tutored American exchange undergraduates for the Oxford Programme for Undergraduate Studies (OPUS) on food, geopolitics, and the environment.
10224	In 2016 there were 1,450 incidents of reported hate crimes, a significant increase from the mid-2000s when commentators were worried about the number of reported hate crimes hovering in the hundreds.
10225	In 2017, iMultiply acquired Glasgow-based Allen Accountancy Recruitment and opened an office in Belfast to target the Northern Irish market and as a bridgehead into Dublin.
10226	In 2018, following the birth of the internet, there are literally of ways to communicate with someone.
10227	In 300m at a path junction with a sculpture, away from a bridge over the navigation.
10228	In 30m you pass a plaque on the wall, commemorating the official start of the PW.
10229	In 3 beautiful delicate shades, they would be perfect for a bathroom or kitchen walls when attempting to make a peaceful setting with a current edge.
10230	In 43% of schools in Knowsley, not a single pupil was entered for triple science GCSE, whereas every school in Hammersmith and Fulham offered the three separate sciences.
10231	In 60 metres, you come to a road junction where the main earth road bends to the right.
10232	In 60 per cent of cases, attackers were after payment card data, which was closely split between card track (magnetic stripe) data (31 per cent) and card-not-present (CNP) data (29 per cent).
10233	In 70 metres take the path to the right through the churchyard.
10234	“In a big country like India, China, Brazil or the US it may not be appropriate to have flat-rate or free shipping.
10235	In about 1825 the market was said to have been for some time increasing in trade and reputation', and the sale of corn was considerable.
10236	In accordance with the Education (No 2) Act 1986, section 43, Colleges are required to issue a Code of Practice to secure freedom of speech.
10237	In accordance with the Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013, East Lothian Council is conducting a review of polling districts and polling places with regard to UK Parliamentary Elections.
10238	In accordance with the Estate Agents Act 1979, we hereby confirm that the vendor of this property is a director of Penny & Sinclair.
10239	In accordance with the National Accounts Revisions Policy, data in this release have been revised from January 1997 to July 2017.
10240	In accordance with your preferences, to communicate with you about other events, news, and opportunities at the University of Birmingham.
10241	Inaccurate CRC reports 'could add to business energy costs'
10242	In a country renowned for revolution, Martin O’Neill discovered that his rebuilding venture represents one of the biggest challenges of his career.
10243	In a country where people previously never washed their hands with soap, this is at least a great step in the right direction for our work in trying to reduce diarrhoea and other diseases.
10244	In a daily job you miss being pushed on a thought leadership front.
10245	In addition, 60 lodges will be built on the surrounding estate and will be made available for sale to private investors through a sale-and lease-back concept that will allow the new SCHLOSS Roxburghe to extend its room inventory further to holiday-makers.
10246	In addition, a glucose tolerance test (GTT) should take place between weeks 24 and 28 of pregnancy to see how your body is dealing with the heightened level of glucose.
10247	In addition, babies born to women under 20 are at a 30% greater risk of neonatal mortality and stillbirth, and a 44% higher risk of infant mortality.
10248	In addition both ambiance and service were excellent.
10249	In addition, fewer retailers reported issues with attempted underage and proxy purchasing (purchase of alcohol by adults for consumption by young people).
10250	In addition, finance-related trustee, treasurer and volunteer roles can also be advertised completely free of charge, saving a further £495.
10251	In addition, foreign companies have also capitalized on poor leadership and ineffective laws that allow them to dump their products in the region.
10252	In addition, further statements are required if the authorised fund manager are to take advantage of the powers under the in this sourcebook.
10253	“In addition, if you require an organ or stem cell transplant you are far less likely to find a match if you are from black or mixed race community, simply due to the lack of black donors on the registers.
10254	In addition, Kate worked on a 3 year longitudinal participatory research project which helped organisations facilitate the occupational health management of business drivers.
10255	In addition, right-back Gary Miller was also released by Pilgrims’ boss Derek Adams at the end of last season.
10256	In addition ScotRail have launched a ‘Customer Mobile Help Point App’ that will enable you to get advice from our customer service staff.
10257	In addition staff were fearful of the risks residents may be put at, for example the risk of scalding when making a cup of tea.
10258	In addition, state-of-the-art showers maintain even spray patterns using showerheads that feature specially designed silicone nozzles which expand and contract according to the flow rate.
10259	In addition, teaching experience is vital for students intending to pursue an academic career path.
10260	In addition the angled heel design with enhanced shock absorption on the rear of the shoe works with the grippy rubber outsole which provide for an efficient stride through the runners gate cycle to help provide for a more comfortable running experience.
10261	In addition, the apparent affinity for Ins(3,4,5)P(3) is affected by the presence of PO(4) ions in the buffer.
10262	In addition, the Bank is considering the manner in which it can facilitate the provision of independent financial advice to retail holders at the Bank’s cost.
10263	In addition, the company also operated a smaller number of single deck toast-rack cable trams for a while.
10264	In addition, the Government intends to make compensation payments (eg in relation to Payment Protection Insurance) non-deductible for corporation tax purposes.
10265	In addition, the improvement to the record-keeping, the progress of ELTO and the engagement of the FCA are to be welcomed.
10266	In addition, the investigation found that these consumers were often the most vulnerable, and likely to be in energy poverty.
10267	In addition there is a brick built storage unit as well as ample off street parking.
10268	In addition, the strategy maintains EST’s energy efficient ethos and provides positive PR for their in-house IT department – a combination which was deemed a winning formula.
10269	In addition the team is responsible for keeping up to date with derivative related market changes and communicating these to the relevant Investment teams.
10270	In addition, they’ll carry out regular reviews to make sure plans have been adapted to complement your changing circumstances.
10271	In addition to being an efficient and low cost method of recovering monies, experience shows that small-scale civil actions (which can damage a person’s credit rating) can be a better deterrent than the threat of criminal action.
10272	In addition to criticising the archiving process, the blog also criticised the paper itself and the process by which it had been prepared.
10273	In addition to furnishing our own research, these huge biobanks with extremely clean and reliable clinical data can be mined by other researchers.
10274	In addition to his partner, he has actually renovated the home into a stylish house decorated with native antiques and contemporary features.
10275	In addition to improving the housing offer to local residents, local businesses in Flint will now benefit from the regeneration of the town centre."
10276	In addition to much faster download speeds of 38Mb or 76Mb it also provides an upload speed of up to 10Mb or 20Mb, which is useful for online gamers or anyone who regularly uploads large files such as YouTube videos.
10277	In addition to one double and two single rooms, it also features a cosy sitting room and fully equipped kitchen.
10278	In addition to our Sunday celebration, we also meet in Small Groups in various homes across North Lincs. during the week.
10279	In addition to providing for the future, it also helps give Green Templeton the ability to respond to opportunities should they arise.
10280	In addition to receiving one or more of these benefits, you or anyone living in the property.
10281	In addition to sharp exterior styling, you’ve got a refined interior kitted out with durable materials to meet the demands of daily family life.
10282	In addition to sponsoring the SME Network, we’ll be working together to develop an online toolkit which will give ScottishPower customers advice and helpful hints specific to their industry and area of work.
10283	In addition to the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau on January 27 in 1945, this year is the 20th anniversary of the genocide in Srebrenica, Bosnia.
10284	In addition to the above, we want to see the successful candidate identify proactively their own ideas from other sources.
10285	In addition to the main auditorium with grand piano and sound and lighting facilities, including front projection for video and Powerpoint, there is another practice room with a harpsichord and second grand piano, and a green room.
10286	In addition to the standard vehicle warranty, our EV batteries have an eight‑year warranty.
10287	In addition to vitamin a, c, e and beta carotene, Avst also contains powerful and effective antioxidants and flavonoids ensuring a potent mix of protective, restorative and healing nutrients for the skin.
10288	In addition, two UWE students have won individual awards.
10289	In addition, UKTI has announced today enhanced support for exporters.
10290	In addition, unknown environmental factors also seem to play a role in the disease.
10291	In addition, we advise on standard form and bespoke professional team appointments and partnering agreements.
10292	In addition we have created the Doner Burger alongside our lamb and chicken dishes.
10293	In addition, we offer support to small local businesses on social media and website design and maintenance.
10294	In a dismal night for UKIP, HOPE won over hate in areas across the UK, including towns like Dudley where our volunteers have long campaigned.
10295	In a grained leatherette finish, it features a spacious interior and gold toned metal hardware for added appeal.
10296	In a letter to Home Affairs committee chairwoman Yvette Cooper, Home Secretary Sajid Javid said those in the latter group are being "proactively contacted" through a specialist Windrush taskforce, "where we have contact details".
10297	In all 51,000 inpatient and outpatient consultations were carried out.
10298	In all competitions this will be our fifth trip to Neston this year so we know the place pretty well!
10299	In all it just goes to show that even when we are relaxing and watching TV we are still thinking about work.
10300	In all other instances, a failed BIG TOM mock test, has resulted in a failed driving test.
10301	In all three cases, Islamist elements are building on perceptions of marginalisation to increase their influence.
10302	In a moment we will hear from the hon.
10303	In an attempt to save resources, and in acknowledging that not every property needs a full survey, if for instance the mortgage has a low Loan to value, lenders will not always request that a surveyor views the property.
10304	In an average day I can meet people with a variety of backgrounds, interests and nationalities.
10305	In ancient Greece, athletes used massage before and after competing while the Romans recognised the benefits for injured gladiators.
10306	In an industry-first, Metro Bank, the revolution in British banking, has today announced the launch of its ‘walk out trading’ service.
10307	In an interview with the Guardian in 2008, Robertson even shared his fantasies about setting up a ‘Convention Against Tyranny’, which, the interviewer told us, would be ‘capable of giving legal justification in order to overthrow evildoers’.
10308	In: Annual Conference of the British International Studies Association Working Group on US Foreign Policy (5th), 14-15 September 2010, Leeds University, Leeds, UK.
10309	In another Act in 1758 Parliament directed that no names should be excluded, though the upper age limit was reduced to 45 in 1762.
10310	In any event it is a vast improvement on the conventional type of seat, we are very pleased.
10311	In any one year, approximately 1 in 4 British adults experience at least one diagnosable mental health problem.
10312	In APPAREL, the cornet was originally the long point of the hood.
10313	In April 2014, subsea defects on the Lomond platform’s C6 caisson were identified along with badly corroded internal dip pipes.
10314	In a project like this, people think the main difficulty will be doing the work.
10315	In a question to the Health Secretary Shona Robison at the Scottish Parliament this week, MSP Finlay Carson highlighted the important role cottage hospitals play in transitioning patients from hospital to their homes.
10316	In a rather matronly, but still massively amazing, touch hair was allowed to cover the tops of the ears as well.
10317	In a really lovely way of course.
10318	In a recent survey of 2,000 Brits aged 55 and over, commissioned by Anchor, ‘bed blocking’ was identified as the number one issue that should be addressed by politicians.
10319	In a response to the consultation on the future of telecoms infrastructure, the NFU has used evidence from its unique member survey to highlight the growing rural-urban divide.
10320	In a sense, the hon.
10321	In a series of targeted focus groups we made sure we heard from people in communities whose voices are sometimes not heard.
10322	In a short series of blogs I will explore these questions from the novice’s point of view, both my own and that of academic researchers hoping to use the resource.
10323	“In a short space of time we have built very productive partnerships with clients, colleges and other training providers.
10324	In a statement Pennine Lodge care home said: “The inspectors reported that improvements had been made since a previous inspection, but placed the home in special measures because further improvements were still required.
10325	In a statement, the inquiry said: “The inquiry does not intend to engage in debate about evidence given to it, outside of its formal hearing process.
10326	In a subject in which fluency of written argument is essential to success, evening schools are used to foster sophistication of written work grounded in independent research.
10327	In a Survey of the Manor of Finsbury (ap. Survey, 913, ed. 1633) taken in 1567, there is reference to the 'high Field or Meadow ground, where the there windmills stand, commonly called Finsbury Field'.
10328	In a third of the cases, the automated prediction was exactly the same as the real sale price of the insurance.
10329	In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes bands together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire’s ultimate weapon of destruction.
10330	In a town full of trendy restaurants, it's a relief to find a down-to-earth pub serving top quality, local food.
10331	In August we launched Her Series, content designed to inform and influence the UN High Level Panel on Women’s Economic Empowerment (WEE).
10332	In Australia the highlight was being invited to take an evangelistic series in Dunedin (The Scottish City), New Zealand.
10333	InAuthenticate also satisfies many other security requirements of PSD2 by providing device risk analysis, malware detection, anti-tamper protection, and cloak root and hidden jailbreak detection.
10334	In a well functioning family the rules are overt and negotiable.
10335	In a world where music has become ubiquitous – tinkling out of white, tinny earbuds, echoing in lobbies and bleeding half-heard from passing cars – the chance to listen to music at such levels of quality should not be passed up.
10336	In Ayrshire and Arran the number of older people aged 85 and over is expected to rise by 30 per cent between 2012 and 2022.
10337	In Battersea, our dental practitioners provide stainless steel braces which are custom-made for the patients.
10338	In between such revisions, it should be assumed that the latest Welsh Government or Estyn requirements apply unless indicated otherwise.
10339	In Boots, Butcher and Voit have created two characters that feel like real women, rather than two-dimensional representations of what people want women to be.
10340	In both cases there are risk factors to heart disease.
10341	In both instances the report is intended to assist non-experts (including the judge and advocate (counsel/barrister/solicitor-advocate)) in understanding the matter in issue from a technical, clinical or scientific point of view.
10342	In Botolph Road an HE bomb severely damaged a Baptist chapel and inflicted lesser damage on many other houses in the locality.
10343	In brief the accommodation comprises of hall, guest wc, garage, ground floor bedroom four/reception room leading to en suite shower room.
10344	In Britain, a third of clerical workers come from manual working class backgrounds, a third from a clerical background and only a third from the so called 'professional-managerial service class'.
10345	In Buckinghamshire, we have around 80 to choose from, providing beautiful and stunning settings for your civil wedding.
10346	In Cambridge’s case, it was a matter of struggling to manage the referee, and will probably be something that they will need to work on for future games.
10347	In case of accidents or other aspects of using pesticides, manufacturers provide for contact details of their helpdesk where questions can be answered by specialists trained in all aspects of their products.
10348	In cases of doubt students are encouraged to consult their tutors and establish with them, in their individual circumstances, what the best options are.
10349	In cases where the designation of public open space is unclear, the designations published in the Sub-Regional Development Framework (2006) were used for the Regional Park, Metropolitan Park and District Park designations.
10350	In casual spoken English, our metaphors and our speech are not always perfectly pitched, and can sound more like a series of fragmented ideas.
10351	In celebration of 100 years of Lionism, Sleaford and District Lions Club have invited Corby Male Voice Choir to perform at St Denys’ Church on Friday, April 20, with music from 7.30pm.
10352	In celebration of local rural crafts, there will be a range of demonstrations with ‘have-a-go’ elements such as dry-stone walling, willow weaving, basket making and lathe turning.
10353	In certain circumstances, a witness appeal may be made through the media.
10354	In certain institutions, universities or careers, the phenomenon of “us-and-them” is strongly experienced by some, with, a sense of “I don’t belong here”.
10355	In changing Brum has not thrown away some of the best and most stylish aspects of the old, including its Victorian arcades: the Piccadilly, Great Western and Burlington.
10356	In chillier weather, tables by the grand fireplace come highly recommended.
10357	Incidence and mortality varied substantially from year to year in any given population.
10358	Included amongst these are world-class deposits of copper, gemstones and iron.
10359	Included in our spa package was access to the Aqua Thermal Journey.
10360	Included in the rental price is bed linen for each bed that has been booked and a shower mat for each shower or bath, each guest is also provided with a bath and hand towel - Guests must provide their own beach towels.
10361	Includes case study examinations of key moments where people in the public spotlight have done something particularly well or particularly badly while answering questions and draws out the lessons for readers.
10362	Includes full standard manicure/pedicure – cuticle work, foot filing, scrub and massage.
10363	Include spot- welding, mig-welding, guillotining, drilling, tapping, vibratory de-burring etc.
10364	Include the name, address and signature of any person supporting the petition (any person signing the petition must verify that they live, work or study within the Council’s area).
10365	Including where applicable any formal design certification that is available from a certifier of design for structure or energy.
10366	In collaboration with Intel Corporation, her research group has designed a decision-support system for optimising capital investment decisions for firms in capital-intensive industries.
10367	Income protection insurance aims to put you back to the position you were in before you were unable to work.
10368	Income that is received by workers through MSCs is now subject to employment levels of tax and NI.
10369	In commissioning our services, you accept that sometimes the unexpected does happen and it is impossible to mitigate for all possibilities.
10370	In common with any recognised form of speech, the Shetland dialect has a consistent pattern of usage - a grammatical form which exists in everyday speech and in dialect writing.
10371	In common with other Mountaineering Scotland (MS) events I’ve attended, it’s a friendly and enthusiastic bunch of like-minded people, all up for a bit of a challenge and eager to learn.
10372	In comparison, the standard process takes between two to three months from starting the court claim to the court diarising the possession hearing.
10373	In comparison to previous statements, it seems very little change will be announced in Spring Statement 2018.
10374	In conference proceedings of the 21International Agribusiness Management Association Conference (IAMA).
10375	In conjunction with Kitchen Bedrooms & Bathroom magazine we’re giving you the chance to win one of two stunning Britannia range cookers.
10376	In consequence, it is expected to feature in the disclosure of key accounting judgements required within the financial statements for businesses where this is relevant.
10377	In contrast, completely well-differentiated liposarcomas are usually readily curable.
10378	In contrast, the induction of gene expression by cobaltous ions or desferrioxamine was not inhibited by Ph2I+.
10379	In contrast to the rise in property prices, actual property purchases reached a low in June with 57,000 estimated property transactions.
10380	In contrast to the sea-lashed exterior, the rooms and suites at Spitbank Fort are a transformation of luxury furnishings and leading interior design.
10381	Incorrectly completing the ‘from’ and ‘to’ dates in the ‘Dates car was available’ boxes.
10382	Increased braking responsiveness: Tread compound innovations have resulted in a high grip tread compound for the Pirelli P6000 Powergy tyres.
10383	Increased understanding of flood risks; enabling communities to better adapt to increasing risks as a result of climate change.
10384	Increase your business' chances of being found by customers looking for Car Security in Rossendale.
10385	Increase your business' chances of being found by customers looking for Designers - Garments in Bolton.
10386	Increasingly, air handling plant is being installed in pubs, clubs, offices and medical treatment facilities in order to provide controlled heating and comfort conditions within these buildings.
10387	“Increasingly, customers are looking seriously at low-emission LCVs but at 3.5 tonnes vehicles are usually critical on payload and it has resulted in a much lower take-up of vehicles than we would have liked,” he said.
10388	Increasingly, the Home Office has been undertaking unannounced audits, particularly but not exclusively, for those employers who are deemed to score highly in the Home Office’s risk assessment matrix.
10389	Increasingly there is a wealth of information available on the Internet, yet metering makes it prohibitively expensive for many people to access.
10390	Increasing speeds had similar effects on GDP i.e. there was a relationship between speed and GDP but there were diminishing returns – e.g. an increase in speed from 1Mbps to 2Mbps would have had a greater impact than an increase of 2Mbps to 3Mbps.
10391	In December 2011 we published a guide – Every Last Drop – setting out practical advice for businesses on what can be done to save water and manage its use effectively along the supply chain, including as individuals at home.
10392	In December 2016, the Government published the outcome of the consultation on reforms to the RHI mechanism.
10393	In deciding if a complaint should be investigated the Monitoring officer will take into account these assessment criteria.
10394	In deciding whether and how to adapt a policy, there is a fundamental informational trade-off between the strength and relevance of evidence on the policy from other contexts and the policymaker’s knowledge of the local context.
10395	Indeed, during the Ardoyne Fleadh this summer a group of the young people went up to it together because they had made friends through a previous dance project of ours.”
10396	Indeed, flexibility is fast becoming a necessity for our daily working lives.
10397	Indeed, I fear the more powerful among them are putting all our futures at risk.
10398	Indeed, in some more extreme cases they may actually reduce the value.
10399	Indeed it may be argued it is even more important for the Council to take this lead during this difficult economic time.
10400	Indeed, most of the people I encounter at the park are lovely.
10401	Indeed, our services have never been so important.
10402	Indeed, the Ashes test matches have totally overshadowed the one-day series that preceded them, which now seems like a tinny, Radio Luxembourg sort of cricket compared to the operatic grandeur of the real thing.
10403	Indeed, these animals are not “swimming dinosaurs”, as they are commonly and mistakenly described as, but are an entirely different group of extinct reptiles that lived at the same time as the dinosaurs.
10404	Indeed, this was the thinking behind Dean’s book, which gives you techniques for cutting back and saying no while also being able to enjoy a glass of fizz with friends of a cold G&T on a hot day.
10405	Indeed, three in five of the organisations didn’t make any Brexit contingency plans before the vote.”
10406	Indeed, top A* and A grades in the 13 reformed A-level subjects saw a dip of 0.7% for the national cohort in 2017.
10407	In delivering his second Budget of the year, the chancellor was seemingly hemmed in by a need to exert famed Treasury discipline over calls to inject £50bn into solving the housing crisis and a prime ministerial veto against relaxing Green Belt rules.
10408	Independent gas central heating system.
10409	Independently managed an academic and/or industrial research group in several years with proven track record is essential for this position.
10410	Independent suspension is fitted at the front and is a double wishbone set-up with torsion bar springs and an anti-roll bar.
10411	‘Independent tied’ scaffolds are erected close to the building and then ‘tied’ to it for horizontal stability, so are fixed in place.
10412	In-depth study of plays and playwrights supports learning, particularly for those who are enrolled or will enrol in GCSE Drama.
10413	India is so much more than poverty, of course.
10414	India Visa London - We are one of the best, greatly reputable, reliable, accredited, secure and fast Indian business and tourist visa service.
10415	Indigenous to Gloucestershire, Herefordshire and Worcestershire, for centuries, perry was routinely made each year by most farmers and smallholders, with some being squirrelled away for home consumption and the rest sold to merchants.
10416	In distinctive and yet interconnected ways all three “figured” new and phantasmatic surfaces, producing images of three-dimensional flatness simultaneously cast and projected onto a screen.
10417	Individual level studies show the adverse effects of anticipating job loss and job insecurity.
10418	Individual mountain and site specific codes of conduct should be followed.
10419	Individual "mutations, amplification, translocations" presented by the patient's tumour cells are studied.
10420	Individual recipients can choose to make this decision based entirely on their own entitlement.
10421	Individuals (aged between 10-18) and schools are invited to participate.
10422	Individuals may need time and help to adjust to the routine of working and to re-enter the work place.
10423	Individuals must register for Health Surveillance under COSHH using Registration Form (HS1) downloadable from the Occupational Health website.
10424	Individuals or companies already within self assessment will be able to pay any tax due under normal self assessment rules.
10425	Individuals wishing to become childcare on domestic premises must contact the planning department to see if planning permission is required or not.
10426	In Division 2, Wootton & Boars Hill closed the gap on leaders Witney Swifts to just nine points with a 37-run victory.
10427	In doing so, you get to know and trust us, we get to know you and your requirements and can act not simply as a supplier but also as a reliable business partner to whom you can turn.
10428	In doing this the manager needs to ensure that the team members feel secure in sharing their views and ideas.
10429	In due course a rockier section of path crosses a burn from where the scenic splendour continues.
10430	In due course I'll probably put some stuff on YouTube.
10431	Industry body to lobby Osborne on tax breaks.
10432	Industry experts say that typical network availability must reach 99.999%.
10433	Industry has developed a common understanding of what information PSPs can share under current law when responding to APP scam claims.
10434	In each of these, light comes from the screens of handheld electronic devices.
10435	I need to make a claim on my legal insurance?
10436	I need to sort my bedroom out as I've decided to have my bedroom sorted properly so I've booked for a decorator to come in at the end of august.
10437	I need various utility bills to confirm my identity, address etc. their ones are useless.
10438	In either case, there will be an amount to cover agents commission.
10439	In electric mode, the X5£€™s range is a claimed 19 miles, but it is difficult not to have the engine chime in.
10440	In emerging Europe, Russian stocks benefited from a stabilising oil price and renewed hopes of a settlement with Ukraine.
10441	In England and Wales legal aid may be available for legal advice on inquests.
10442	In England RNIB works to offer help and support for anyone affected by sight loss.
10443	In essence, the research identified a mismatch in interactions between businesses and community groups or charities, with both sides identifying gaps in forming beneficial, sustainable partnerships.
10444	In Europe equities were mostly flat, even as bond yields plumbed new depths.
10445	"I never ate too badly before - especially for lunch at work.
10446	I never expected to lose him.
10447	I never go anywhere else!
10448	I never realised things could be this good.
10449	I never understood if the energy consumption of LEDs is measured including the transformator or not.
10450	“I never write reviews so that in itself highlights exactly why I would recommend The Dental Surgery.
10451	In every company that they have been employed, 's staff have identified, specified and implemented appropriate business systems.
10452	Inevitably that's resulted in some compromises.
10453	Inevitably, when a Select Committee dominated by Back Benchers comes forward with reforming recommendations, there is an inbuilt tendency—there certainly was when I was sitting in his place—to think, “This hasn’t been invented here.
10454	In extreme cases, they may refer you to hospital.
10455	In F1 they can make real-time decisions based on as much data as possible, but this was not being done in other sports.
10456	In fact, a Catholic wedding is the only way to be legally married in Spain if neither you nor your partner is a Spanish citizen.
10457	In fact, as Keynes pointed out at the time, this remedy only makes matters worse.
10458	In fact, as table 3 suggests, the exact opposite is true.
10459	In fact he lost control of a great part of modern-day Syria after the battle.
10460	In fact, if anything, London’s status is enhanced as a safe haven and a stable place for property investment.
10461	In fact, if profits fall, (a) less surplus value can be generated and thus reinvested and reserves are not invested in activities whose profitability keeps decreasing and, (b) due to higher wages, the weaker capitalists go bankrupt and cease production.
10462	In fact, in the space of an hour, you could travel to as many as 10 countries, should you only have the will to open a few different books and immerse yourself in their stories.
10463	In fact, it is a very relaxing variation of paddling.
10464	In fact, it is estimated that 88% of Americans eat turkey today on Thanksgiving.
10465	In fact, it’s something we should all think of regularly to make sure we’re still on the best mortgage deal.
10466	In fact one in ten now struggle to payday as a result of making payments on a ‘payday’ or other short-term loan.
10467	In fact, our 2015 Operation World first trip to Greenland attracted national press attention, with our pupils' training for the year ahead of the ground-breaking survival expedition.
10468	In fact, put her and her husband to be, Drew, together and you have a couple that will have your sides aching with laughter in a very short space of time- surely a great basis to start their married life off together – laughter makes everything better!
10469	In fact, the 130 entertained on the track much more than I'd expected.
10470	In fact, the beds didn't even have a top sheet.
10471	In fact, the couple had tried, unsuccessfully, to raise funds against their home prior to asking for my help.
10472	In fact, the Freemasons are still a nasty Machiavellian group wielding secret, totally undemocratic power and influence as they have done for centuries.
10473	In fact these vibrissae are special sensory appendages which act as fine-sensing object detection devices.
10474	In fact this was the total number of vacant properties in the city.
10475	In fact, to date around 170 common genetic variants have been identified that each increase the risk of an individual developing the disease.
10476	In fact, Unesco successfully managed to relocate the temple to save it from being submerged after Nasser's construction of the Nile's dam.
10477	In fact, we are lucky enough to be one of the few colleges that can offer the financial and social benefits of living in college for up to three years of a PhD.
10478	In fact, we had so many groups that we had to shrink the traditional three minute slots to two-and-a-half minutes.
10479	In fact, we managed to scoff the lot after supper.
10480	In fact we've had one or two customers tell us that 70bhp is a bit too much for a van of this size and want it down-rated,?
10481	In fact you can see the letter, wherever the letter is.
10482	In fairness, she set out to illustrate how we can find out about the recent generations of our families, rather than going back over the centuries.
10483	In fairness, the London authorities have also recently taken steps to try and clamp down on some of the very dangerous and occasionally illegal cycling practices that can be seen on the streets.
10484	In February 2018, the council has to approve a budget and, to help inform that decision, residents are encouraged to have their say on where the council’s funds should be used to support services.
10485	In February of that year, the township Vestry appointed James Robertson as master of the workhouse at a salary of eight pounds, plus meat, lodging and washing.
10486	In February, Save the Children confirmed that concerns were raised about inappropriate behaviour and comments by Justin Forsyth in 2011 and 2015, who was chief executive at the time.
10487	In February, the EU exported 128,000 tonnes of pig meat, 29% higher than February 2014, the month immediately after the Russian ban on EU imports was imposed.
10488	Infections in African-born people accounted for 49% of heterosexually-acquired cases, while 30% of patients were born in the UK.
10489	Infiniti cars have been on sale in the America and other markets since 1989.
10490	Infiniti is pulling out all the stops.
10491	In first place was the Ford F-250 crew-cab with four-wheel drive, followed by the Chevrolet Silverado 1500, Chevrolet Avalanche 1500, GMC Sierra 1500 crew, and Ford F-350 crew with four-wheel drive.
10492	Information about safeguarding adults.
10493	Information about tests, scans, symptoms and possible causes of rectal cancer.
10494	Information about the Beaudesert and Henley-in-Arden Joint Parish Council is regularly updated on the Henley Gateway Website "This is Henley-in-Arden".
10495	Information about the different legal routes to ending or dissolving a civil partnership, including information on when you may be able to end a civil partnership without the use of a solicitor.
10496	Information about the likely response from internal consultees, for example environmental health or conservation/heritage considerations.
10497	Information about the reserve funds held by the Landlord to fund major works at the estate.
10498	Information about who can apply for an emergency grant from this fund and how to apply.
10499	Information, advice and support to individuals, their families and carers, and professionals affected by autism and Asperger's syndrome.
10500	Information and links to other organisations including health and educational services.
10501	Information behaviour - of individuals and groups, and within society.
10502	Information for students currently on a placement abroad including accessing how to access emergency assistance.
10503	Information for you: your baby’s movements in pregnancy.
10504	Information is readily available through the staff or hospital website, and the presence of a Homerton's gynaecological department means that other services are also readily available.
10505	Information management is the retrieval, analysis, interpretation and presentation of health data and information.
10506	Information on listed buildings.
10507	Information on the safety of lift trucks from the HSE website.
10508	Information Strategy 2010 - 2013 (find in '
10509	Information & supportDrugs and treatmentsWhat kinds of peer support are there?
10510	Informazioni di prenotazione: Minimum two nights at weekends March-November.
10511	Informed that a new stock of defibrillators have arrived.
10512	In fourth position is the only new entrant to the top five, Catlane Cromwell.
10513	In France, Internet dial-up calls were down 65 per cent, according to the French Association of Unhappy Internauts, the same group that organised a strike (see French Internet strike 'a success', claims organiser) last December.
10514	Infrastructural support in pursuit of external research funding is provided at Faculty and departmental levels.
10515	In front of a vocal crowd on the Quayside, Omoregie finished strongly to clock 13.75 ahead of the USA’s Jarrod Eaton and British compatriot David King (James Hillier), the latter a third place finisher in 13.94.
10516	In future years we hope to work and engage more with local businesses so we can make even more of what continues to be a popular event in the town’s calendar.”
10517	In general management, you could be responsible for a whole service division of staff and a multi-million pound budget in a hospital trust, or for managing or mental health services across many sites.
10518	In general, the cheapest energy deals are typically online tariffs, which are paid monthly by Direct Debit, but this isn’t suitable for everyone, so it’s best to run a cheap energy comparison to find the best deal for you.
10519	In general, those who came to the UK in their late 20s had more specific reasons for their migration, with migration acting as a functional step towards the realisation of concrete plans.
10520	In general, you should focus your research in an area that has clear applicability to clinical practice.
10521	Ingenica remain committed to ensuring their solution meets GS1 and ‘Scan 4 Safety’ requirements investing in its own research and development in healthcare inventory management market.
10522	In George Osborne's words this was a budget for an "aspiration nation" - those seeking to work hard and get on.
10523	Ingram, J.S.I. and Brklacich, M. (2006) Global environmental change and food systems.
10524	Ingram stepped up to take the spot kick but Rogers in the home goal made a brilliant save.
10525	In Greater Manchester, there were six calls, totalling £19.661 million (two of the calls were spread across a North-West and National area).
10526	Ingrow struggled to 87 at Denholme II, for whom Ryan Clark took 4-12.
10527	In her spare time, Lucy enjoys a number of hobbies.
10528	In her will she left the Wheldale estate for the foundation of scholarships at Queens College Oxford.
10529	In his blog, he talks about what it's like growing up knowing you're losing your sight, and how to make the most out of the career support that's out there.
10530	In his Budget statement on 16th March, the Chancellor is expected to announce the Government’s response to the eight-month consultation on pension tax relief.
10531	In his early years he experienced adults’ lack of respect and concern for children, an experience that greatly contributed to the choice of his later path in life.
10532	In his view, the Teacher simply wanted a new vehicle.
10533	In hospitals, when A&E targets are not met, there is increasing pressure to reduce length of stay.
10534	In: Ibrahim, A.B. and Ellis, W.H. (eds.) Entrepreneurship and small business management: text, readings and cases.
10535	In Ireland and now in Wembley they deliver OTT TV services and usage rates are booming.
10536	Initially it was in the Provincial League where they managed to finish middle of the pack every year reaching the third place in 1962.
10537	Initially management provided mobile humidifiers, but this was just a temporary measure and after a full study was done they installed £185,000’s worth of humidification plant.
10538	Initially, the company began selling classic and unique cars and from a young age cars have always been a passion of the owner and so he started a classic car business working from home.
10539	Initially the thought of DEPPA was a little daunting, but with a little practise it has seamlessly integrated into our routine patient care.
10540	Initially to work on the flat decks but to also assist with other areas of pig husbandry wh.
10541	Initially you may be restricted to basic duties such as marking or tutorials but you could progress to being employed as a temporary lecturer.
10542	Initially you will be placed under a mild sedation by an anaesthetist who will monitor your reaction to the anaesthetic and use as little as possible to keep you comfortable.
10543	Initiate projects from within a change or execute simple tasks to roll out the change depending on its complexity.
10544	Initiating and instructing games and activities play a large part in a Group Leader's day, along with equipment preparation and ensuring the welfare needs of all children are met.
10545	In its idle state, this function does not use any electrical current.
10546	In January 2009, the WISH forum launched its Charter and strategic objectives to improve performance in the industry over a four-year period (January 2009 to December 2013).
10547	In January 2016 CCL was the first company to achieve the new BRC accreditation – Global Standards for Agents and Brokers.
10548	In January and February, ITV1 was hit by 24% and 23% declines in viewers in the much sought after 16- to 34-year-old age group.
10549	In Juan's former position as Director of Corporate Responsibility, he formulated ACCIONA's policy in this area.
10550	In July 1919 the President of the College, Herbert Blakiston, convened a meeting of non-resident college members to discuss what form a permanent memorial to the dead should take.
10551	In July, HMRC published a consultation paper outlining proposed changes to the tax and National Insurance Contributions (NIC) treatment of termination payments.
10552	In July information was received in Kandahar that the Ayub Khan was marching on the place with a force described officially as an advance guard of irregulars, and a brigade was at once sent out to intercept him.
10553	In July, vegetable gardens are usually overflowing with produce; from succulent peas dripping with dew to amazing red-veined beetroot leaves and crinkly lettuce.
10554	In June 1645 the Royalist war effort suffered a catastrophic defeat at the where the Royalist infantry was decimated.
10555	In June 2013, they were subject to severe flooding, which caused extensive damage and led to the evacuation of thousands of people from the city centre.
10556	In June 2015 Caroline retired from her role as Group Chief Internal Auditor, RSA Group, to develop her Non Executive portfolio.
10557	In keeping with their local travel mission, they wanted to keep it real this time and the 5th district, their home for one week, was about as local as neighbourhoods can get.
10558	In Kent, 76% of pupils attained the expected standard in Grammar, Punctuation and Spelling compared to 77% nationally.
10559	In Lancaster and Morecambe, engineers reportedly worked round the clock to restore power to 45,000 homes, with a further 10,000 still without electricity this morning.
10560	In large measure they simply required the respective firms to adhere to the terms they had promised to those on the special deals they had made.
10561	IN last week’s column, I wrote how the snow helped to see the…
10562	In late 2011, researchers at the University of Leeds conducted a three-month analysis of four mainstream British papers, The Guardian, The Independent, the Daily Mail and The Sun.
10563	In libraries only.
10564	In light of the Pensions Lead Manager’s impending departure from the Council, assurances were given that the project plan would be met and the breach would be reported to the Pensions Regulator.
10565	In light of these high sales volumes, continuing cost optimisation efforts and a weakening of the yen compared to other currencies, Mazda is raising its financial forecast for this fiscal year.
10566	In-line with your business’ safety culture, you should clearly detail who’s responsible for what – this includes things like the implementation of your policy, provision of appropriate funds and day-to-day monitoring, for example.
10567	In Manchester, we partner with the charity to handle the safe recycling and disposal of our e-waste.
10568	In manner of war, riot, route and insurrection arrayed with force and arms and made a rescue, and took away the said John Forman with them.
10569	In many cases they earn fees from the wider public that are facilitated by, and a direct result of their relationship with, local authorities.
10570	In many cases they had no choice, as building and maintaining technology was the only way of meeting the needs of the business.
10571	In many cases, we will anonymise that information, rather than delete it.
10572	In many countries you can reach the emergency services by calling 112 free of charge.
10573	In many full-time jobs you’ll work standard office hours Monday to Friday.
10574	In many technical details, the design of Bishop Reginald’s anonymously designed church is informed by local Romanesque precedent.
10575	In many ways, it’s a similar process to applying for a UK passport.
10576	In May 2017 the Walcot Foundation signed up to the 360Giving Initiative, which aims to help UK grant makers to publish their data openly online, to an agreed data standard.
10577	In May, I won Best Woman Consultant at the European Women in Construction and Engineer Awards (WICE).”
10578	In May last year, two churches in Sudan were destroyed on the orders of the Sudanese Government.
10579	In Memoriam Notices in Northern Ireland - Pg 23 - belfasttelegraph.
10580	In mild cases, carbon monoxide poisoning causes persistent ill health which makes it impossible to concentrate.
10581	In most cases of osteoarthritis the affected joint will be excluded.
10582	In most cases, there is a clear winner – and it’s the LED.
10583	In most cases this requires modifications to the most appropriate platform, which may be a ship or drilling rig.
10584	In most cases where the soil drains well, and the roof area is less than 100 square metres, you will be able to construct a traditional type soakaway.
10585	In most casinos your employer will provide appropriate evening dress or a uniform.
10586	In most instances, a telephone meeting is scheduled and the merits of each of the Templates are discussed.
10587	In most instances, the company who owns a proprietary CMS will build the website and maintain it.
10588	In My eBay – Messages: You'll see a Second Chance Offer email from eBay in your Messages inbox.
10589	In my free time, I enjoy reading, hiking, playing basketball, and going on soup runs with my church around Cambridge centre.
10590	In my mind I’d finally get what I thought about day and night.
10591	In my opinion the two have much to gain from each other.
10592	In my opinion you can't best an umbro boot for ball control and feel.
10593	In my personal life, I have lived in 3 different countries and so have a mix of friends and acquaintances who come from different environments.
10594	In my previous job I was bullied by the team leader.
10595	In my previous letter, to which I am still awaiting a reply, I gave a rough estimate of costs associated with this work.
10596	In my speech I told the students about the time I spent in California’s Silicon Valley and how, on my way to work, I used to pass the headquarters of Apple, Google and Facebook.
10597	In New Orleans an integrated Independent Workingmen's Political Club was defeated by vote rigging machine Democrats in the 1894 Congressional elections, and its candidate, general strike leader James Leonard, subsequently joined the racist Democrats.
10598	In new snaps obtained by The Sun newspaper, Jaqueline appears to have confirmed their split as she took a stroll with their three year-old daughter Ella and dog Storm - without wearing her wedding band.
10599	In Nigeria and in Pakistan religious affiliation has marked out individuals or whole communities for attack.
10600	INNO-MPP proposes a multi-purpose platform (MPP), integrating offshore renewable energy and, closely co-located, integrated multi-trophic aquaculture systems for island community scenarios.
10601	In no particular order, here are nine picturesque villages which are less than an hour’s drive from Croydon.
10602	In normal cash, that values the colourful house at around £80,000.
10603	Innovation has become a considerable focal point for the hotel industry, yet there may be argument that it is receiving too much attention?
10604	Innovation is at the heart of every Jaguar.
10605	Innovative course will enable students to ‘think like a journalist’
10606	Innovative, quirky, homely and beautiful, once you have an Ellis design in your home you will never want to leave your kitchen!
10607	In November 2014, Alan Yarrow – a distinguished financier and alderman – became the Lord Mayor of London.
10608	In November 2017 he wrote about succession planning and the CIO handover process as he passed on the baton in his previous role at the Irish Health Service.
10609	In October 2015 he tweeted: “If I were the EU president I would appoint Breivik as head of the refugee commission.
10610	In October 2016 we launched a new and improved Constructionline platform.
10611	In October, the industry welcomed the first-ever online Construction Map of the UK and Ireland.
10612	In Oman, demonstrations were repressed with force but concessions were also offered and the innate wealth of the authorities was available to “buy off” resentment.
10613	In one of the lower paddocks are two timber stables and store with adjacent polytunnel framework part of which is enclosed.
10614	In one of the survey results, Ipsos highlighted that the first reason for not switching suppliers was because respondents were satisfied with their current supplier (42% of responses).
10615	In one operation an engine fire caused the crew to ditch in the Tsushima Strait with serious structural failure and they were rescued by the USS De Haven, a US destroyer.
10616	In one piece, created in collaboration with researchers who explore infant pain, the decision was taken to focus on the processes and data of the research, using visual metaphors for the different dyes and collection mechanisms.
10617	In one word: rollercoaster.
10618	In only a few minutes you can walk to the central attractions of St.
10619	In only three major cities – Birmingham, Leeds and Norwich – would people be financially better off living in rather than commuting daily.
10620	In order for a project to qualify for R&D tax relief it must be seeking a technological advance via the resolution of technological uncertainty.
10621	“In order for us to do this we are building digital capabilities and services for our markets and brand teams while also seeing a budding relationship between the two departments,” Franz said.
10622	In order more fully to illustrate his division of Presidents on their merits, he places himself in the Lincoln class of Presidents, and me in the Buchanan class.
10623	In order to achieve this aim, a heifer rearing and farm breeding survey was conducted.
10624	In order to apply for a resident parking permit, your vehicle must be registered in the UK.
10625	In order to be able to access this facility it’s common for a business to have a turnover of £500,000 and over.
10626	In order to do this, we will focus our attention on five areas.
10627	In order to encourage safe use of the crossing, fencing and gates were installed last year at the end of the station platforms.
10628	In order to fight the battle against inflation, savers need to keep a close eye on the rates of interest they are earning and switch when appropriate.
10629	In order to keep ePayCheck data as fully populated and accurate as possible, whilst focussing particular attention on the jobs that are most frequently reported upon, we regularly work with our councils to refresh data in key areas.
10630	In order to pass the course you will need to answer 21 out of 30 questions successfully (70% pass).
10631	In order to prevail, Noel must prove that he can fill a woman’s shoes, break all the stereotypes, and become the best mother than he can be.
10632	In order to speed up production, manufacturers used stencil patterns and air-brushing techniques.
10633	In order to successfully achieve this, the Council produces an Authority Monitoring Report on an annual basis.
10634	In other cases, this fine-tuning might mean actually changing the product you offer.
10635	In other news this week we’ve been talking…
10636	In other places, layers and layers of bubbles were stacked into dense columns, adding chandeliers to the strange indoor rooms that the frozen lake had created.
10637	In other words, are you having trouble converting customers?
10638	In other words, a super-world – let’s call it the Technicum – where the whole order of society and its component parts (us) is revealed.
10639	In other words, not many people knew there was a way they could actually combine pensions in an easy way.
10640	I noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone calls and letters, when I try to contact you, I am confronted by the impersonal, overcharging, re-recorded, faceless entity which your bank has become.
10641	In our area we do have two reasonable lenders.
10642	In our deepest darkest hours they creep out and demand attention and because we’re not in control at that time we cannot enforce the sensible spin.
10643	In our design approach we wanted the room to be full of juxtapositions.
10644	In our opinion it seems very short sighted of the Government to introduce a policy that will only improve 30% of F & G rated homes up to a band E, especially as the aim is to improve homes to band C by the 2030s.”
10645	In our society, instant messaging, text messaging, and short emails have all but killed the art of good communication.
10646	In our special collection, we’ve combined sunflowers with an array of beautiful seasonal flowers including fresh roses, vibrant germini, chrysanthemum and even stunning blue Iris to create the most joyful bouquet imaginable.
10647	“In our tember campaign, we want people to become more aware of how well they sleep and the host of health benefits quality sleep can bring.
10648	In overstretched adults services, the private sector predominate in the provision of domiciliary and residential care.
10649	“I now work for myself as a hairdresser, with continuing support from my family and friends.”
10650	In paragraph 5.3, 'paragraph 16' replaced by 'paragraph 15' (this rectifies an existing cross-referencing error).
10651	In parallel BIS has been looking at the process for identifying and addressing conflicts of interest which could arise between those involved in deciding what support a disabled student needs, and the suppliers of that support.
10652	In Part 4 MEng students will be involved in design project, which is a key part of the integrated Master's degree action as a transition from formal education to professional life.
10653	In particular, firms need to have carried out some fundamental "root-cause analysis" about these complaints – and to have acted on that, to ensure the customers with complaints are treated fairly.
10654	In particular HPV16 and HPV18.
10655	In particular, our Information Security Management System contains all of the policies that support our security management approach.
10656	In particular, people can spend a lot of money on one item of furniture from a company that they think is UK-based, but discover that that is not so if the product delivered is in any way faulty.
10657	In particular, Prof Nation discussed ambiguity in language, using an excellent example taken from last year’s KS2 English Reading SAT in which the first line of text included no fewer than seven ambiguous terms (out of thirteen in total).
10658	In particular, social and economic behaviours and trends.
10659	In particular, the Google Maps API provides endless possibilities for presenting data in a visually attractive way, whether in websites, mobile websites or smartphone apps.
10660	In particular they note that marble from Pont Canavese is relatively strontium rich, which may help to distinguish it from other white marbles of the area.
10661	In - Portsmouth TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
10662	In posters for their April shows at New Brighton Pavilion, the team declare that Henry VIII always had "The Axe Factor."
10663	In presentations Andrew looks at change management and policy implementation in complex organisations – and difficult conditions.
10664	In: (Proceedings) 31st Annual Conference of the British Association of Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies.
10665	In product liability and health and safety compliance we engage in civil and criminal litigation of varying complexity as well as public inquiry work.
10666	In reality there was never significant diversion from medical use to recreational use of cannabis, nor is there ever likely to be.
10667	In reality there will be many other factors, such as whether it still meets your needs, or the environmental impact of throwing it away.
10668	In recent months, the Government has announced a raft of proposals and legislation aimed at protecting and extending tenants’ rights and regulating the private rented sector, stamping down on rogue agents and landlords in the process.
10669	In recent years I took up the role of Mentor with Workways+.
10670	In recent years, when we have been dealing with record deficits and have needed to bring the public sector finances back into balance, given the mess we inherited in 2010, it is right that local government has also had to cut back its spending.
10671	In recognition of our commitment and high quality, we have won more than 200 awards since 2008, achieving high accolades from both our industry peers and home-moving clients.
10672	In recognition of the transformation, the Park was awarded the prestigious Green Flag Award in 2007 and has retained it ever since.
10673	In regression analysis, sleep quality was negatively associated with FND-related functional impairment, accounting for 16% of the variance and remaining significant after the introduction of mood variables.
10674	In relation to healthcare professionals, 90% of GPs said they would refer patients to lipreading classes, but were unaware of any in their areas.
10675	In remediation, what matters is the presence of a device and the possibility of refiguring it.
10676	In reports from officers, members were reminded of the important work that Powys Ramblers does in protecting Public Rights of Way in the County and in campaigning on behalf of walkers to keep footpaths open and clear for all to enjoy the countryside.
10677	In response it was commented that if that approach was unsuccessful, the care homes should be approached directly regarding the possibility of charging for the service.
10678	In response to a question, the Legal Advisor confirmed that the proposed unilateral undertaking stipulated that works cannot take place until mitigation works have been completed.
10679	In response to the point made by the noble Baroness, Lady Randerson, about different cities having different tiers, we felt this was appropriate for the mayoral cities because with democratic election comes accountability.
10680	In response to the vote Mayor Marvin Rees has convened a city-wide Brexit Response Group (BRG) to fully understand the challenges and opportunities posed by Brexit.
10681	In return, we offer a competitive salary of £18,000 to £22,000 per annum based on experience plus benefits to include 25 days paid holiday and company pension scheme after probationary period.
10682	In return you will receive a salary of up to £51,000 + Bonus, group income protection, private medical insurance, company pension and optional benefits package.
10683	In Schools the authorisation to suspend may be delegated to the Head Teacher with approval from the Governing Body.
10684	In scientific terms, the table has interactive light animations that react to hand and arm movements and are projected on a table.
10685	In search of low-frequency and rare variants affecting complex traits.
10686	In September 2005, a memorial stone for PC Walker was unveiled at the junction of St Alban's Road and Cantrell Road in Bulwell, close to where the incident happened.
10687	Insertion is really easy due to the very shallow slopes.
10688	In short, the Range Rover Sport is spacious, comfortable and luxurious.
10689	In short, there’s little to distinguish its driving manners from the more expensive Audi A3 e-tron.
10690	In - Sidcup TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
10691	In Siddal’s next play, Lewis Hosty broke through the defence and was brought down five yards from the try line.
10692	Inside all is spotless, scrubbed and poised to welcome hungry locals, walkers, twitchers and tourists.
10693	Inside the property is non-smoking.
10694	Inside the property is ready to be enjoyed and is spacious both up and downstairs with a nice sized kitchen/dining area, plus fitted wardrobes in bedroom 1. How many 2 bedroom properties offer this?
10695	Inside the Which? test lab, we review models from the biggest ebook reader brands, including the likes of Amazon, Kobo and Barnes & Noble.
10696	Insight Rehabilitation Specialists provide person centred domiciliary support to individuals who have acquired brain injuries and neurological conditions.
10697	InSite is market analysis software designed specifically to deliver site analysis, customer insight and outlet planning.
10698	In - Skelmersdale TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
10699	In so doing, he failed to avoid a situation where there was a conflict of interest and did not maintain the Complainant's trust.
10700	In so doing, I lost out on the fees associated with work for amended designs and application submission.
10701	In so doing, they make a mockery of the morass of niggling treaties, laws and regulations in which the membership is strangling.
10702	In so many ways, independent reading becomes an umbilical cord for transferring desires and embedding moral values.
10703	In some cases, it may be necessary to arrange a lift or taxi to your accommodation – some Bed & Breakfast operators will be happy to provide this service.
10704	In some cases it may be possible to present figures in black and white in the printed journal, but in color in the online journal, if the originals are suitable.
10705	In some cases, such as autoimmune conditions, this is impossible.
10706	In some cases, the medical practitioner may indicate the significance of any work-related factors when communicating their diagnosis.
10707	In some cases you may not be allowed to access any of your capital until the end of the term - check the facts before you commit.
10708	In some circumstances, if the right procedure is followed, the tenant could do the works and take the cost out of the rental payments.
10709	In some countries limits are reduced in bad weather conditions or for newly qualified drivers.
10710	In some instances the EV may be asked by the SQA Coordinator to give feedback directly to the Principal Teacher/ section head/ assessor or internal verifier or a combination of the above.
10711	In some of the most extreme cases, there is a risk of suicide – it is estimated that a quarter of all maternal deaths are related to mental health problems.
10712	In some people this can damage the nerve fibres at the back of the eye, causing sight loss.
10713	In some situations, they may have a duty to provide you with accommodation upon your release.
10714	In some ways we already take huge risks, and we do so increasingly.
10715	In some ways you can draw comparisons with the successes of Alex Ferguson’s Manchester United teams of the past, few of the players that achieved so much were truly world-class but they had that winning mentality.
10716	Inspections of police and UK Border Force custody facilities are led jointly with HM Inspectorate of Constabulary with support from the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
10717	Inspector Cooper said: “He needed a couple of specialised baths and is recovering well after his ordeal.
10718	Inspectors said the subsidiary organisation “could demonstrate through documentary evidence that following acquisition of services, it had managed to bring about a sustained, significant improvement to patient care”.
10719	Inspired by his mother’s homemade smoothies, which would be cleverly crammed with greens hidden beneath flavours of fruit, in 2011 Tavberidze decided that he would bring a better option to market.
10720	Inspired by lending libraries from around the world, Borrow Don’t Buy is literally a Library of Things.
10721	Inspired by nature this Artesano Nature Bleu Flat plate 27cm in the new Artesano Nature collection reveals its true beauty in harmoniously blended pastel shades.
10722	Inspired by the African Caribbean Medical Association…
10723	Inspired by the twisting branches of trees, this beautiful ring is part of the Entwined collection which features a stunning array of unusual rings, earrings and pendants.
10724	Inspired by this shift, our Express Events Diary, accessible online, should hopefully make the process much easier for bookers."
10725	Inspired to update your nail colours for summer?
10726	Inspire is a professional service that uses specialized, project management techniques to oversee the planning, design, and construction of a project, from its beginning to its end.
10727	In spite of the War, some would say that in many ways a child's life was happier than today.
10728	Instagram for Business gives you access to built-in analytic tools that monitor how your posts are doing.
10729	Installations began in late 2010, with more than 60,000 new meters installed across the county to date.
10730	Installing and configuring Members Login on your Server (requires a MySQL database).
10731	Install the MyFirstChoice app on your iOS or Android device and you will be able to make the most of some great features.
10732	Instead, a flat rate is payable to the care home from the Primary Care Trust in respect of the resident.
10733	Instead, attention will turn to more BoE commentary due shortly before US market open.
10734	Instead, independent platforms that encourage debate along with governmental measures such as a National Action Plan may eventually yield progressive results.
10735	Instead, it had to be sent to landfill, doubling the cost of processing and disposing of the waste and hitting council tax payers in the pocket.
10736	Instead, it’s down under Lens Corrections.
10737	Instead I was working to deadlines, contributing towards projects and I felt genuinely like I was contributing.
10738	Instead of breaking the engine apart, Sutton adds a Whipple Supercharger that takes power up to 725bhp.
10739	Instead of hosting applications and data on an individual desktop computer, everything is hosted in the "cloud" - a collection of computers and servers accessed securely via the internet or a private network.
10740	Instead of on the podium, Mortara finished the race in 15th place.
10741	Instead of prioritising where an ad appears, the focus has shifted to buying audience exposures at the lowest possible cost, in the fastest possible time, irrespective of where that may be.
10742	Instead, professional cleaners should try using products that are not antibacterial, alcohol-based and those with short ingredient lists.
10743	Instead, simply a deep-seated belief that this was the start of something special and that it had to begin somewhere.
10744	Instead, the emphasis is on comfort and high-tech, with innovations including high-resolution MULTIBEAM LED headlamps and a DRIVE PILOT system that can virtually supply autonomous driving - depending on how you use it.
10745	“Instead, the opportunity came to create a completely new business district for London.
10746	Instead, the three parties would like to see the Assembly Rooms reopened at considerably less cost and within about 18 months.
10747	Instead, they have come up with new ways to add value to their offering, through complementary products and services.
10748	Instead they require you to engage with the device – if you buy one with this in mind you can make substantial savings on your electricity bill.
10749	Instead, this ‘bottom-up’ approach takes its cue from nature, where everything grows from small beginnings.
10750	“Instead, without any regard for the safety of his passenger, other road users and our officers, Judah tried to flee, driving dangerously at speed.
10751	Instead, work began on their own language and was strongly oriented towards PL/I – the Multics language – and the (basic combined programming language) developed at MIT.
10752	Instead, you can have swift access to see a specialist.
10753	In stepping into a relationship with God, Morten also decided to become a soldier member of The Salvation Army, which would mean giving up alcohol and adopting a new lifestyle.
10754	Institute’s founding director dies at 82 - and Lord Martin Rees calls him “one of the greatest astronomers of his generation’
10755	Instruct bailiffs to take goods and possessions from your home and sell them at auction to raise money to clear your debt.
10756	Instructing Good Move to buy your house fast for emigration couldn’t be simpler.
10757	Instructions about how to cast your postal vote are included in your pack.
10758	Instructions will need to be received by 5.35pm for the payment to be made the same day.
10759	Instructor is fully qualified ADI and also an Advanced RoSPA Tutor.
10760	In studying their A level programme students also get used to organising their academic workload in a different way from the structured homework timetabling of the Middle School.
10761	In such circumstances, Heriot-Watt University will undertake a "public interest test".
10762	In such circumstances the Seller reserves the right to enter the Premises and repossess the goods in accordance with paragraph 6.6 above.
10763	In Suffolk, The Little Earth Project has created a Hedgrow Sour, fermented with the help of foraged elderflower.
10764	Insulating your roof can cut down on up to 22% of heat loss.
10765	Insulation works by reducing the rate at which your home loses heat.
10766	Insulin-like growth factor-1 gene splice variants as markers of muscle damage in levator ani muscle after the first vaginal delivery.
10767	In summary, streamlining your SEO practices should help you work smarter as opposed to harder and get you better results in the long-run.
10768	In Summer 2016 the band were hand picked to play the Jack Rocks This Feeling stage at Leeds Festival, with festival director Melvin Benn watching on from the side of the stage.
10769	In summer, the garden with its gorgeous blooms invites you to relax outdoors.
10770	In support of this objective, the Quality in Organ Donation (QUOD) Consortium, integrating close collaboration between academic transplant centres, clinical services in donation, retrieval and transplantation and NHSBT, was developed.
10771	In Syria we have not only a bewildering plethora of ground forces at one another’s throats, but nuclear powers in the air.
10772	“In taking the next step to achieving our goal, Skyscanner will remain operationally independent and our growing global team will continue to innovate and deliver the products travellers know and love.
10773	Inta’s low pressure blending valves are ideal for installations where low pressure loss and high flow rates are a must.
10774	In teasing dreams and in the winking mockery of the mirror, greying hippies see themselves prancing through the Summer of Love, as if it was only yesterday.
10775	Integral fridge/freezer, dishwasher, eye level double electric fan oven, gas hobs to worktop and stainless steel extractor fan.
10776	Integral garage with extra parking to the front via a drive.
10777	Integrated appliances include gas oven, fridge and dishwasher.
10778	Integrated electric oven with ceramic hob and stainless steel extractor canopy above, radiator, ceramic tiled floor, ceiling spotlights, integrated fridge and freezer, integrated dishwasher.
10779	Integrins are already major targets for cancer treatment with drugs either being tested or in use in the clinic.
10780	Intellectual Property gives you the basis for securing the commercial rights to what makes you unique.
10781	Interactive Events Calendar installed giving details of local events in the area.
10782	Intercom Systems or Door Entry Systems are a popular new range of IP products.
10783	Interest can only be added to the account balance.
10784	Interested in all aspects of philanthropy, Stephen has advised charities and other not for profit organisations on structure and tax efficient giving.
10785	Interested in exhibiting at Marketing Show North?
10786	Interestingly psoriasis lesions have been reported to inherently contain accumulated PpIX, without the need for MAL or ALA application.
10787	Interesting till Andoy put me right off.
10788	“Interest rates are still low and the continuing weakness of the pound is likely to be helping exporters,” he said.
10789	InterHigh is the UK's leading online school.
10790	Interior design studio manager &
10791	INTERIOR – While the A5’s exterior might be striking and individual, the car’s cabin should be familiar to existing Audi owners.
10792	In terms of being able to make an online data selection from a business database of over 3 million records and then instantly view that selection on a map, it’s the first of its kind.
10793	“In terms of inspiring athletes I think it’s great to have that opportunity to quiz people who have been there and done that, we’ve had (former Norwich City players) Paul McVeigh and Dean Ashton, and (Olympic hockey champion) Hannah Macleod.
10794	In terms of market share, theatrical performers were never a large part of what print-sellers offered collectors: other subjects engaged far more of artists’ time.
10795	In terms of mass culture, for example, dream factories were developed in the 1930s in the advanced world but these needed positive nurturing.
10796	In terms of planning there are technical constraints that need to be evaluated and the criteria for this will be discussed.
10797	In terms of the System Heath Indication Programme (SHIP) we judge the performance to be adequate, no areas for concern were identified.
10798	In terms of your look and feel, making eNgageSpace look like a part of your existing site is straightforward.
10799	Internal Applicants who have more than one year's council service only need provide one referee unless the post is in Children's Services where two references will be required for all appointments to comply with statutory and inspection requirements.
10800	Internal audit can review the supplier selection process and assess whether the organisation has adequate and effective policies and procedures for tendering.
10801	Internal audits were consistently carried out with evidence of continuing improvement.
10802	Internally the accommodation is immaculate with the real feature being the superb and recently fitted contemporary kitchen.
10803	Internal viewing essential to appreciate the size and quality of accommodation on offer.
10804	Internal window looking through to the garage.
10805	International comparisons show that UK R&D expenditure in 2012 was below the EU-28 provisional estimate of 2.06% of GDP.
10806	International cricket stars will be coming to North London on Friday, June 1 as the famous Lashings World XI play at the Walker Ground.
10807	International customers like to buy British; they love our products and trust our service.
10808	International driving permits are recognised but not required.
10809	“International Freshers Week is a chance for you to settle in to a new country and take care of practicalities.”
10810	International Institute for Strategic Studies, 2013, p255.
10811	Internationally acclaimed resident and festival director Thea Gilmore returns to the festival for the 11th time, being the only artist to have performed every year since the festival begin in 2008.
10812	Internationally the USA has more than four times the number of biotech companies than the UK.
10813	International Organization for Standardization (ISO) ISO is an independent, non-governmental, international organisation which brings together experts to share knowledge and develop voluntary, consensus-based, market relevant International Standards.
10814	International private investigators specialised in conducting due diligence investigations in Portugal, Spain, Angola and Brazil.
10815	International researchers will need to be affiliated, employed by, or studying at a UK university, government department or research organisation.
10816	International system sales grew by 11.9% to £236 million (13.0% at constant currency).
10817	Internet Banking with us is a secure and easy way to manage your account, plus it’s accessible 24/7.
10818	Internet security suites go further still, offering firewalls, parental controls, identity theft protection and more.
10819	Internet use and attitudes metrics bulletin Jul 2011.
10820	Interphase cells of the cell line showed dispersed signal throughout the nucleolus with no evidence for clusters of condensed and inactive rRNA genes.
10821	Intertur Hawaii MallorcaSitting on the Torrenova headland, the 3 star Hotel Intertur Hawaii Mallorca enjoys a beachfront location and stunning views across Palma Nova Bay.
10822	Interviewer: So Andrew you talked about the authorisation and de-authorisation process, is there some element in between that that they would need to notify you about?
10823	Interviewers sometimes give preference to candidates they perceive as having a similar background, career history, personality or attitudes to themselves.
10824	Interview with Luca Casarini, spokesperson of the north-east social centres.
10825	In testimony whereof we have caused these letters patent to be made.
10826	In that case, society has invented a word to differentiate an inferior product from a superior one.
10827	In that respect, Britain’s parks are fundamentally different to many which exist elsewhere.
10828	In that time the company has achieved some memorable milestones including hitting the £500m capital value raised since launch, which was achieved earlier this year.
10829	In that time we have built up a busy network of customers and contacts.
10830	In the 1700s, American settlers ship in large numbers of cats from Europe to control plagues of rats, introducing the idea of the domestic cat to the Americas.
10831	In the 1964 Smethwick by-election the Tory candidate was able to win a Labour seat using a leaflet that read: “If you want a nigger for a neighbour, vote Labour”.
10832	In the 1970s Cambridge scientists made a breakthrough, succeeding in making mouse (monoclonal) antibodies that locked onto human cancer cells.
10833	In the 1980's Kore personnel were involved in developing and selling numerous surface analysis instruments, based around time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometer (SIMS) technology.
10834	In the 19th and early 20th century the centre of gravity was mid-Atlantic.
10835	In the absence of a functioning state, NGOs like ADRA are left to provide healthcare – even primary healthcare – to most of South Sudan.
10836	In the adjoining graveyard prisoners taken at Culloden were executed, and you can still see the bullet marks left by the firing squads on some of the gravestones.
10837	In the afternoon she will present this to the conference delegates.
10838	In the afternoons they attend the Moberley Sports Centre for two afternoons per week.
10839	In the afternoon stunning views are on offer along a 3 mile ridge which is the route to the your next nights stop at the Red Lion Inn or Fforest Inn.
10840	In the afternoon take a scenic excursion up the back of Cyclone Creek to marvel at the amazing rock formations.
10841	In the afternoon we stop at the Palacio Real community to learn something of the indigenous people of the area and, in particular, their relation with the lamas and alpacas.
10842	In the boarding house there are some large rooms, when I first arrived I shared with someone else.
10843	In the book, Rupy, explains the principles of healthy living in a fun and relatable way with over 100 vibrant, tasty recipes steeped in medical science which are easy and inexpensive to make.
10844	In the café and upstairs brasserie there are separate gluten-free menus with loads of choice.
10845	In the case of mortgages, what scheme?
10846	In the case of older vehicles not fitted with seatbelts (where a child restraint cannot be attached), children aged 3 or over and measuring less than 150 cm in height may travel without a child restraint, but they must occupy a rear seat.
10847	In the case of this proposal, the new store would act more as an out of town magnet, dragging trade out of the town rather than into it.
10848	In the chart above, you can also see the results of the GFX bench tests, which are used to determine how well a device can hold up when faced with graphics-intensive tasks.
10849	In the circumstances, and taking into account the actual material on display in the square, it is little wonder that they have to fall back on the person of the “Jewish anti-zionist” to defend themselves from the understandable charge of anti-semitism.
10850	In the circumstances, does the noble Lord not agree that there is a strong case for imposing a blanket statutory responsibility on landlords in this connection?
10851	In the club, we’re forced to present things that I think people would like to come and see, providing they’re good of their kind.
10852	In the Commission’s view, there were grounds for the newspaper to say that the complainant had offered a “boast” about the number of her clients accused of terrorism.
10853	In the court of public opinion?
10854	In the ‘distress’ category, perhaps it is inevitable that I would bring up genuine, in-your-face harassment.
10855	In the early days the gamekeeper preferred brindle dogs for camouflage when working at night but the fawn, often with a black mask, is now more numerous.
10856	In the early drafts, Striker was seen carrying the ball under his arm, until someone pointed out that was against the rules of football, and the final version of it had his foot firmly planted on top of it.
10857	In the early months of 1968 the student movements in Germany and Italy were much bigger than anything happening in France.
10858	In the early Nineteenth century Upper Mill was recorded as being used for spinning cotton and worsted.
10859	In the eighties I knew several people who worshipped there - they loved it!
10860	In the end, an effort should be made not only by ROH, but also by all of us, who love opera and ballet, to put an end to such deceptive practices.
10861	In the end nothing else will matter.
10862	In the evenings the diners would retire to drawing room that was beautifully lit with candles.
10863	In the event of a cyberattack your client data needs to be protected to a high degree, or the GDPR gods can slam your firm with a hefty fine and a black mark next to your name.
10864	In the event of an unforeseeable closure of the pool, a full refund will be granted at the manager's authority.
10865	In the event that any person is able to establish subsisting antecedent rights to a re-used plot, and a resolution cannot be agreed to the satisfaction of all concerned, the matter will have to be considered by the Court.
10866	In the event that there are relevant offences, the application must be considered by the Licensing Board.
10867	In the example below dissection resulted from a failure to recognise the significance of the find until it's too late.
10868	In the factory setting women are usually supervised by men.
10869	In the far corner of the field, go through a kissing gate and straight across the next field to a stone stile (SD 960270).
10870	In the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC) and in the Le Mans 24 Hours as the season’s pinnacle event, Audi is going to compete with a hybrid sports car in the 4-megajoule class.
10871	In the final five minutes of the encounter a fly hack at a breakdown saw some frantic play, much more similar to mob football in its earliest forms.
10872	In the final pages the intricate vocal complexities give way to a simplified texture and a final jubilant reference to the original theme as the full choir declaims ‘Sing Hosanna!’, bringing the work to an exultant conclusion.
10873	In the final section, we will devote time to introducing information theory.
10874	In the First and Second Forms pupils study a broad curriculum which aims to introduce them to a wide range of subjects, all taught by specialist teachers.
10875	In the first half of 2012 a total of 1,450 companies were formed in Coventry.
10876	In the first half of 2013 the company register for Warrington increased by 1,141 companies.
10877	In the first six months of the year, Mozambique’s gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 6.3 per cent.
10878	…in the form of a Lincolnshire-brewed beer dedicated to him.
10879	In the Fourth Form (Year 10) the boys develop their Modern Language skills in countries across Europe.
10880	In the future, local councils will gain new powers to decide how their roads will appear on maps, aimed at directing traffic better.
10881	In the garden you will also find a nice decking area, an indoor pool and at the rear of the garden is a self contained annexe.
10882	In the Guardian Larry Elliot suggests that Bank of England Governor Mark Carney should “halve the limit on Help to Buy mortgages to £300,000.
10883	In the HomeAway offices, there’s one topic that pops up in conversation from time to time; the similarity between our company name and ‘’, the ever-popular Australian TV show.
10884	In the Humberside police area, we are fortunate to have Matthew Grove as our commissioner.
10885	In the immediate term there would be no change because the same members of staff were transferring etc. disruption was being kept to a minimum and change would be gradual.
10886	In the initial excitement of planning your wedding you’re likely to come up with a list of hundreds of people, so it’s a good idea to trim this list down, perhaps only inviting the closest family and friends so as not to offend anyone.
10887	In the interest of openness in respect of application 16/3041, Councillor S Gardiner declared that he used to act for a competitor to the applicants.
10888	In the interests of openness and transparency, this Council also asks Councillors to register their non-pecuniary interests.
10889	In the junior girls’ event, Lothersdale's Alice Jones came 86th and Keighley's Harisah Ghafoor finished 240th to help North Yorkshire to fourth place.
10890	In the last 12 months Brocklehurst has made some significant IT implementations including a SAP ECC 6 Upgrade, Lagan 6 Upgrade.
10891	In the last two years, the successful coaching team have developed 11 players who have gone onto trials and development centres at Premier league Clubs including: Tottenham Hotspur, Queens Park Rangers and Norwich City.
10892	In the late 1700s this crop was replaced with cereals.
10893	In the late 1800s and early 1900s, more rooms were built at the back of the house.
10894	In the latest move to continue taking this important work forward it is working in partnership with leading conservation organisation, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB).
10895	In the Life Insurance actuarial team you’ll deal with life, pension and investment products.
10896	In the light of this, trustees and employers are expected to report to and consult with the regulator on any arrangement that may result in the abandonment of the pension scheme, at an early stage in the process.
10897	“In the long term, we hope that we could develop HIFU as a treatment for cancer for doctors to have in their toolkit alongside established treatments such as radiotherapy, surgery, chemotherapy and targeted treatments.”
10898	In the lounge part, another big tv, a piano, sofas. a bed made up for our friend.
10899	In the meantime, feel free to continue to browse the Hitchcock & King Ltd site for more details about the full range of services we provide.
10900	In the meantime he has been representing his ward (Fairfield and Howley) and trying to get a grasp of how devastating this year's budget cuts will be.
10901	In the meantime, the Knottingley & Goole Canal opened in 1826, turning Goole into a viable transhipment port for Europe.
10902	In the meantime we’ll be sharing vintage posts and videos you may have missed.
10903	In the meantime, we must change our attitude and use of antibiotics.
10904	In the medium term Suffolk County Council will be looking at alternative sources of funding for projects so that the transition from the European funding to a UK funding is as smooth as possible.
10905	In the menu bar at the top of your screen, click Account and then View My Account.
10906	In the middle of difficulty, lies opportunity."
10907	In the Middleton family's Coat of Arms, the three acorns represent the three Middleton children - Catherine, Pippa and James - and the gold is a nod to Carole Middleton's maiden name, Goldsmith.
10908	In the midst of chaos, Lady Margaret bumped Girton in the conventional manner at First Post Corner.
10909	In the nineteenth century, which witnessed a revolution in horticulture and urban planning and architecture, Joseph Paxton, a man with no formal education, strode like a colossus.
10910	In the normal heart the upper chambers (the atria) contract first squeezing the blood out of the atria and into the main pumping chambers, the ventricles.
10911	In the north-east of England, it seems that you are imposing a mayor on the leaders, and the feeling in the north-east is that they do not want a Geordie Boris.
10912	In the not-too-distant future we hope to get a gate put in place to help protect children from running out onto the roadway.
10913	In theory the same mortgage deal should be chosen by both advisers.
10914	In theory, we should be better prepared today than a hundred years ago.
10915	“In theory, with material recovered from permafrost conditions, we might be able to reach back ten million years or more.”
10916	In the Pacific Northwest, expect the focus to be on the area's lauded wines; every cruise features a wine-paired dinner with a local vintner, and regional wines are served at dinner.
10917	In the past academic year, almost 3,000 residents enrolled in English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) classes.
10918	In the peculiar economic terms of The Guardian, this was seen as being a great place to be.
10919	In the photograph above Emilie McDonnell is back row, third from left, Nina Yancy is back row fifth from left, and Miranda Gronow front row, fourth from left.
10920	In the previous system everyone was included in an annual canvass form which was completed by one member of the household.
10921	In the pupil survey the children said that they really enjoyed these clubs and the lunchtime assistants report that these make a big difference to the children's enjoyment at playtime.
10922	In the recent past, our concert programmes have ranged from 19th century African - Missa Luba - to Mozart’s Requiem and all styles in between.
10923	In the Royal Opera’s vulgar, dumbing-down bid to ‘attract a new audience to opera’, trash culture was enthusiastically, lavishly, unstintingly on show, without apparent satirical intent.
10924	In the run-up to the general election, the union leaders shut down industrial action and said that we should wait for Labour.
10925	In the rural areas of the Borough, communities interested in setting up rural regeneration projects can contact Northern Marches Cymru.
10926	In the same 100 day period last year, 346,256 people who were on Jobseeker’s Allowance and 35,554 people on Employment Support Allowance were referred for sanctions.
10927	In the same way that the earth has a magnetic energy field surrounding it, the human body has its own energy field.
10928	In the Scottish Parliament, those votes would have taken 10 minutes.
10929	In these cases, we do so as we believe it is in our legitimate interests to let our customers know about our products, brands, services and any special offers we are running.
10930	In these circumstances, we will ask for your permission to share specific personal information.
10931	In these circumstances we will negotiate a planning performance agreement that will set out fees and other arrangements as necessary.
10932	In the second quarter of 2011, Sevenoaks formed 0.2% of all UK companies.
10933	In the second semester the underlying physics of fluid flow and its application to simple systems is presented.
10934	'In these hauntingly tender poems, William Bedford captures all our pasts with the precision, cadences and deceptive simplicity of an Alan Bennett play.
10935	In these lectures I look at some consequences for three mental health problems, broadly construed: dementia, addiction, and psychosematic illness.
10936	In these matters we want in the interests of credibility to say less rather than more than we can substantiate or validly speculate.
10937	In these sectors, it is difficult to concentrate effectively on one project for a solid period of time and therefore the working days need to allow for some down-time to allow employees to recharge their creative energy.
10938	In these Terms of Use the words “include”, “including”, “includes”, “such as”, “in particular” and any similar expression are to be construed as if they were immediately followed by the words “without limitation”
10939	In these uncertain times for markets, client portfolios need all the help they can get.”
10940	In the short-term, the GBP/USD faces several hurdles which need to be taken out in order to brighten the longer term outlook.
10941	IN THE third article in the series marking the 40th anniversary of the Militant newspaper's first appearance, Roger Shrives looks at how we covered events around the collapse of Stalinism.
10942	In the third quarter of 2010, Bedford formed 0.3% of all UK companies.
10943	•In the two surveys conducted in the second half of 2016 (both surveys measured after the outcome of the Brexit was known), the direction of travel in all but one confidence measure was positive.
10944	In the UK 60% of species have declined over the last 50 years from habitat loss and now climate change is threatening species survival too.
10945	In the UK, Google dominates search.
10946	In the UK vitamin D testing is free through your GP and with our weather (quite a bit of rain and very little sunshine!) deficiency isn’t uncommon meaning we often have lowered immunity and succumb to colds and flus.
10947	In the US the election of Donald Trump and his tirades against migrants, his Islamophobia and his reckless military threats have encouraged Nazi forces to emerge.
10948	In the vaulted Lygon Bar & Grill, seasonal British dishes are paired perfectly with artisan wines.
10949	In the view of the Commission, such an incident was a matter of legitimate local concern.
10950	In the week before my dissertation deadline, I was using cups of tea as both vital fuel and a crucial work break (my kettle takes a lifetime to boil).
10951	In the welcoming atmosphere of our school students can expect courtesy, tolerance and punctuality from CAE staff and students, and will be expected to observe the same standards of behaviour themselves.
10952	In the winters, warm nights out to the theatre, cinema and skating, just finally being part of society whilst putting their and their children’s lives back on the platform for happier and safer lives.
10953	In the workplace, there is still a great deal of ignorance around mental health issues, including uncertainty about how to recognise mental illness, and uncertainty about how to react when faced with it.
10954	In the year of History, Heritage and Archaeology a new student-curated exhibition in King’s Museum invites visitors to challenge their perceptions of the ‘Scottish warrior’.
10955	In the year of its 15 anniversary, Union Coffee will top £10million in turnover for the first time, having grown 28% since 2014 and increased staff numbers by 81% in the same period.
10956	In third were Jane Wooldridge, Rose Bailey, both from Falmouth and as a late replacement, Nicky Wraigh, from Perranporth, with 74 points.
10957	In this article, you will find a description of two of Turkey's cultural myths: the harem and the hammam.
10958	In this blog-post I want to highlight some of winners and their successes.
10959	In this book, you'll find solid, effective counsel.
10960	In this case, a fictional novel set when Shakespeare’s drama ends was Palfrey’s approach to understanding the play, rather than straight literary criticism.
10961	In this case articles are displayed in a single column.
10962	In this case the nudge is information about the average profit ratios businesses in your business sector make, as reported on their tax returns.
10963	In this case the vetting would appear to be minimal and it is difficult to see how the payment for advertising could be genuine as it is being paid "per client" rather than reflecting the actual cost of advertising.
10964	In this case where a property, previously held as an investment, is transferred to the ‘stock pile’ as stock ready to be sold, the property must be treated as if it had been sold at its open market value at that point.
10965	In this chapter we shall look at oxygen compounds of the second-shell elements and see why electronegativity differences make some of them acids and others bases.
10966	In this designated cycling based program, we cycle through unique landscapes and our route passes through traditional villages with friendly people.
10967	In this DVD Alistair shows he grows his potatoes in the Scottish climate.
10968	In this guide, we take you through the process of identifying your relative’s needs and who might meet them.
10969	In this guide we will examine a checklist of factors that payroll bureaus need to consider to ensure auto enrolment is automated and covered.
10970	In this highly lucrative market the application of active temperature controlled containers play vital role for the protection and safety of time & temperature sensitive healthcare products both onboard and on the ground throughout the supply chain.
10971	In this incident, two women in their late 20s were inside the property, and a pump from Dee Road fire station also attended.
10972	In this instance, because the property is in a strong London location (zone 2) and the client was borrowing a relatively small loan to value, the lender felt that the risk was worth it.
10973	In this instance the answer is a resounding yes.
10974	In this instance, the comments were moderated before publication, and due to time/staffing constraints, the final comment was published on 9 December at 4.28pm.
10975	In this key role you will demonstrate evidence of delivering excellent teaching, learning and assessment along with a commitment to providing an effective and stimulating learning environment for students.
10976	In this latest case, the Upper Tribunal dismissed NT Advisors’ latest appeal that a scheme which used complex financial arrangements involving alleged overseas securities worked.
10977	In this location the old harbour section of Whitby guests can stop on the cobbled street to unload and the Church Street cottage is just off the old cobbled Street there the market square in Whitby.
10978	In this module you will learn the architecture, and how to program a high performance microcontroller - ARM M0+ cortex.
10979	In this position, you will be responsible for ensuring all Distribution type of work is completed on demand.
10980	In this potential scenario, the odds that we will see new record highs would dramatically increase in my view.
10981	In this role you may earn more than a salaried GP.
10982	In this series of videos, Paul Teague demonstrates some simple ways to manage the amount of time being spent on social media.
10983	In this situation it is important to prune out green reverted stems as they will be more vigorous and eventually will take over the plant completely.
10984	In this situation, only one Employment Allowance is available across these schemes.
10985	In this style of decoration that is ideal for lofts, gray is the color that must take center stage for the materials used, such as in countertops, floors, and stainless steel appliances, while wood can offer a high-quality touch of contrast.
10986	In this video we look back over a successful year for ICE in the North East.
10987	In this view, the realm of the market is contaminated by women who live their lives in public, and the realm of the home is likewise threatened by the introduction of money and economic thinking”.
10988	In this way Professor Fugger has found that a drug used to treat hypertension also has some efficacy against neurodegeneration, which is part of MS.
10989	In this way, students who are failing to keep up with the course for whatever reason can be offered help at an early stage.
10990	In those circumstances, where a lot of redundancies were made and the business had put some suppliers on stop, systems start to break down.
10991	In times past, it did not occur to the powers that were that former jockeys might hold official posts in racing.
10992	In today’s high-tech world, with remote working, good communication and writing are more critical than ever.
10993	Into our third week now, I have begun to use the TV as a way to bribe the kids into getting outside and ‘playing’.
10994	In total 23 bowlers from the Portsmouth & District League were competing in the national finals.
10995	In total, AccorHotels operates more than 4,200 hotels in 95 countries, staffed by over 250,000 hospitality experts; each dedicated to making guests feel welcome.
10996	In total, almost half of all stations (47%) are aimed at a general audience in towns or rural communities, with 15% broadcasting to general audiences in urban areas.
10997	In total the festival attracts well over 100,000 visitors each year and is one of the biggest events in the British motoring calendar.
10998	In total, the intrepid group will climb 800 steps up three of the city’s most iconic landmarks - once the feats are done, everyone will get a medal.
10999	In total there are 6,731 people mentioned in this publication.
11000	Intracerebral haemorrhage affects 22,000 people every year.
11001	Introduced in 1998, in love again by yves saint laurent was a limited edition fragrance.
11002	Introduce your friends, family, colleagues and acquaintances to Hotter Shoes and they'll receive 10% off plus free delivery on their first order.
11003	Introduce your proposal, identifying the subject for research in terms of theoretical issues and relevant empirical applications, and highlighting why you wish to pursue this project.
11004	Introducing this year a high-level executive conference, available to a limited number of ticket-only delegates.
11005	Introduction to investment bonds and giltsOn the investment risk scale, bonds - sometimes referred to as fixed income investments - typically sit between cash and shares.
11006	Introduction to the potential scheme and update on detailed consultation prior to any formal decision being made.
11007	Intrusive ground investigation was carried out, indicating concealed ducts beneath the concrete slab; this highlighted the need for a Refurbishment and Demolition survey to be carried out.
11008	In truth, no fluid management is better than poor management.
11009	"In turn, businesses can be more productive.
11010	In unadjusted analyses, all biomarker concentrations were significantly associated with mortality.
11011	In urban areas the life expectancy of a fox is approximately 14 months.
11012	Invaders and Settlers: Monday, May 21, start 9.30am.
11013	Invasive breast cancer is by far the most common form, accounting for around 80% of all the 50,000 cases diagnosed in the UK annually.
11014	Inventory control and re-ordering, payroll and personnel administration, transporting products between stores and keeping appropriate stock selections of all stores.
11015	Inverclyde Alliance has the responsibility to set the direction for CLD and Inverclyde Council takes the lead in putting this into practice.
11016	Inverleith House presented 'Robert Ryman and Urs Raussmüller in conversation' on the East Lawn outside Inverleith House.
11017	Inverness and the Highlands in general are always very poplar in the summer months so accommodation will need to be booked straight away as demand will be far higher than can be supplied locally.
11018	Inverness is at the heart of the Scottish Highlands and is well regarded as being a leader of industry and commerce in Scotland.
11019	Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Maggie Bruce, said: "Thames Valley Police is working hard to tackle drugs and the police will continue to prosecute.
11020	Investigation of sites with a full Late glacial sequence using a multi-proxy approach including good dating control is required.
11021	Investigations that take place as part of the management of sexual offenders and violent offenders can relate to domestic abuse.
11022	Investing time in yourself is the best investment.
11023	Investors can feel confident they are purchasing a property of extremely high quality and one that is sure to be in high demand among tenants.
11024	“Investors clearly want to see more than gimmicks like buybacks and special dividends if they are to show interest in a stock which is trading at May 1992 levels.
11025	Investors in life funds are exposed to the risk that the company writing the policy may default, in addition to the risks of the underlying investments.
11026	Invicta had come back from 2-0 down at half time to beat Sittingbourne 3-2 in their previous match but this time were left frustrated.
11027	Invicta warmed up for next weeks semi final with a stylish second half display of high tempo football.
11028	Invio provides all of its own in-house web hosting and domain registration, therefore it is all included in the final price.
11029	Invite kindness into your day and theirs.
11030	Invite your friends & family around for a fun filled time.
11031	Invite you to community events.
11032	Invoices are sent out to the HER user at the end of a month following completion of a search request.
11033	Invoicing clients is just one of many features.
11034	Involving local volunteers in research on the project was an excellent way to engage with communities – and encourage ownership of any changes.
11035	Involving Lyons Davidson Trustee Company Ltd means that employers can be assured that their pension scheme functions at a highly professional standard and with due containment of associated costs.
11036	In VTT+, you can click with the left mouse button on any text that is shown in blue to display more detail (a bit like a web page).
11037	In what circumstances will you refund my fee deposit?
11038	In which case there would be no financial loss.
11039	In winter their diet is supplemented with hay, never cattle feed, and the milk is tasted every day during making.
11040	In Woking, the courses are offered free of charge on a first-come-first-served basis.
11041	In written submissions, Mr Squires said ND had “spent years working to combat radicalisation … and the accusation of involvement in terrorism appears to have precipitated a serious deterioration in his mental health.”
11042	In Year 1 and 2 you will also be involved in scientific projects and will complete a work placement of one month.
11043	In your response there will be details about who to contact to ask for an internal review of your request.
11044	“I obviously looked for a job in procurement,” she adds, “but was killer-questioned out every time because I didn’t have a degree.
11045	I offer affordable, non-judgemental, confidential therapy to suit your needs, from my garden room set within relaxing countryside.
11046	I often visited him for a ten-minute chat, which usually stretched to an entertaining hour or so, reminiscing, discussing the present political position and generally ‘solving the world’s problems’.
11047	Iomart said the cash generative nature of its existing business, further enhanced by this latest acquisition, “will enable all debt service metrics to be met and allow the Group to repay debt going forwards as it falls due”.
11048	Iona is also the final resting place for many of the kings of Scotland.
11049	I once woke up late at night and there were men outside in overalls moving stuff and when they saw me they hid.
11050	I only had feedback after my exams had finished, so unlike many friends who had university places, I didn’t know what I’d be doing the following year.”
11051	I only need about £5000 and have £500 deposit.
11052	I paint commissions in oil, particularly horses and dogs – also other imaginative works.
11053	I pay tribute to all those who protect us in emergency planning and civil contingencies, including the police, fire services, ambulance services, local authorities, the coastguard and the NHS.
11054	I pay tribute to the efforts devoted to this subject by the Minister, which I think are partly motivated by the fact that he has to deal with the consequences.
11055	I pay tribute to the work and the way in which he has transformed the trust over the past few years.
11056	IPCC associate commissioner Guido Liguori said: "We have been notified by Thames Valley Police of a collision on the A4 near Reading, in which, tragically, a 91 year old woman and a police officer have died.
11057	I personally don’t find the levers comfortable.
11058	I placed an order for 100 and the total came out to $184.92.
11059	I placed an order in the morning, by lunch time they had fitted the Tyre checked some other matter for me. a quick good service.
11060	''I played a bit at scrum half for the youth team.
11061	“I pointed out to them that as I am disabled and have a few health problems I wanted the flexibility of having savings in the bank as you never know what expenses you might have to deal - I’d already had to convert my bathroom into a shower room.
11062	I practised in real estate and corporate law in the past.
11063	I promised to put victims at the heart of everything we do, and I am delivering on this promise, by ensuring their specific needs are addressed, and they get the support they need to speak out with confidence to the police”
11064	I provide accurate, affordable and confidential tarot readings in the greater manchester area.
11065	IPSO’s Complaints Committee did not accept the newspaper’s argument that because it ran a phone poll every day it was clear that the “poll” referred to was a survey of its readers.
11066	Ipswich was once called ‘a northern industrial town in the comfortable south’.
11067	I purchased another property and run that the same as the first two.
11068	I quite like Exeter airport because it is tiny, but also its not so interesting.
11069	IR35 – retained, simplified and now with a dedicated pre-transaction helpline, guidance and specialist teams.
11070	Iran has started to undermine Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Bahrain, Yemen, Pakistan, Afghanistan, including countries in Africa," the Saudi minister told the conference.
11071	Iraqi courts are sending alleged Islamic State fighters to death in rapid-fire trials lasting less than 20 minutes, according to reports.
11072	I rate this book a big, fat 5 and I look forward to reviewing the next in the Nevermoor series!
11073	I read a recent article on the BBC website titled; ‘Small businesses struggling to raise finance’ in reference to a recent survey which suggested “an increase in refusals for finance”.
11074	I really appreciate the gesture but it would be nice to be able to be aware of the plans and be notified of the best deal as a loyal customer without always having to fight for it.
11075	I really enjoyed seeing certain things up-close and in person like Centre Court, the press room, the BBC broadcast booth, etc. My wife was very entertained by the virtual reality room in the museum.
11076	I really enjoyed the meeting, it was both enlightening and rewarding and gave me a good insight to opening up a practice.
11077	I really hope you get everything you wish for this Christmas.
11078	I really liked my osso bucco.
11079	I received coverage in online magazines such as Uncrate, Gear Patrol, Huffington Post and more.
11080	I received such amazing care and I really canâ€™t thank them enough.
11081	I recently attended the excellent centenary celebration of women's suffrage organised by Melanie Dawes and Sue Owen, and we heard from current and future Civil Service leaders on the suffrage movement.
11082	I recently created a Stock Analysis template for a client who was struggling with too many of the wrong kind of instructions on her list.
11083	I recently performed at the wedding of Betty and Eric at Quendon Hall, Parklands in Essex.
11084	I recognise the work of the Royal Navy in plucking people from the sea and saving them from drowning.
11085	I recommend and with most trust guarantee customers' satisfaction.
11086	I recommend it."
11087	I recommend this book for all researching their Air Forces Ancestors.
11088	Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate has also proved very appealing with international firms.
11089	I remember especially the contributions from the noble Lord, Lord Kennedy, and others on this subject, and I have met him to discuss these issues.
11090	I remember it very well; I was watching it on television.
11091	I remember thinking “What have got myself into?”
11092	I remember vividly my Housemaster (Lofty Lee) warning us of the dangers of a heavily congested Broad Lane with the Massey Ferguson and Wickman staff and shop floor workers attending and leaving work.
11093	I remember working on a series alongside a male director and the exec told me: “You need to look at how much you’re asking for because he’s getting a lot more than you.
11094	I rent a property.
11095	I repeated—my residence in that locality had already grown dim and dreamy.
11096	IRIS Software Group, the UK market leader in accountancy and payroll software, has announced the latest version of its award-winning integrated solution for accountancy practices.
11097	Irmgard Tischner, a researcher from the University of the West of England is looking for men and women to participate in a project which is investigating the experiences of people who have a large body size.
11098	Ironically, the incident happened just as First Focus recently secured new funding to help in such an instance.
11099	Ironically, the pack of TV journalists around the vigil prevented Mancunians from approaching and placing their flowers.
11100	Iron Maiden’s latest album was 2015’s ‘The Book Of Souls’.
11101	Irrespective of the likely audience and format or the predicted sales, each publication takes a significant commitment from the Gallery’s Publications section in terms of editorial resources.
11102	Irthlingborough station looking north-east in July 1965.
11103	I run retreats both in the UK and abroad, and teach local classes in Sivananda Yoga, Yoga for Health and Wellbeing, Postural Correction, courses on Yoga and Diabetes and Yoga in Schools.
11104	™ is a high-quality, low-cost telescope kit developed for the International Year of Astronomy 2009 by a team of leading astronomers, optical engineers, and science educators.
11105	I said to myself: ‘I don’t want to see that face ever again.
11106	Is a lung transplant an option for me?
11107	Is anyone having problems downloading DriveClub?
11108	ISAs remain one of the most tax efficient solutions for your savings.
11109	I saw an advertisement on TV for space bags sent for them and have got to say not impressed with some of them.
11110	I saw the previews of the movie and, of course, one reviewer said, "The book is better."
11111	I seek clarification from the Minister on that issue, because there is a great deal of meat to be put on the bones of the Bill.
11112	I see this as a real positive step for the Insurance Industry.”
11113	I sell aromatherapy bath products, essential oils, oil burners, incense, crystals, jewellery, dowsers, buddahs and related gifts for mind, body and spirit.
11114	I set up a tape delay and then I’m able to play duets and quartets and things—with myself.
11115	Is Germany playing solo?
11116	Is going to Court the only option?
11117	I shall refer very briefly to Amendments 189, 190 and 191 which are related to the Haldane principle.
11118	Is having a CP12 a legal requirement?
11119	I should add though that you can now choose to delay drawing your deferred benefits up until age 75 if you wish.
11120	I should also like to single out and offer my congratulations to Dr Jonathan Ben-Artzi, School of Mathematics, and his Fellow Dr Junyong Zhang from China, who will work on the project ‘Geometric analysis of dilute plasmas’ (GRANDPA).
11121	I should of bought an Xbox one.
11122	I signed up for this after reading a very positive Which review.
11123	I sincerely hope you will say yes to this development.
11124	I sincerely thank them for all their hard work.
11125	Is it a book, photographs, loose documents, large maps or plans?
11126	Is it because of the host country’s relative level of development or is it because of reasons unrelated to economic development?
11127	Is it driving action?
11128	Is it fair a hefty fine will be levied if an unwitting landlord or letting agent fails to spot a fake?
11129	Is it from consumers choosing certain supermarkets because they like own-branded goods and certain retailers have a stronger proposition when it comes to these value products?
11130	Is it not the case that, whether someone took strike action today or not, they will probably not have a job?
11131	Is it possible to catch diabetes?
11132	Is it possible to direct your portfolio towards innovations that could go on to become profitable products or…
11133	Is it possible to discover who the passenger is?
11134	Is it really unlimited, and how do you find the best broadband deal?
11135	Islington Council tenants who need to move so that we can renovate the home that they are in.
11136	Is Lockerbie bomber al-Megrahi getting cancer treatment that is being denied to us?
11137	Isn’t there a tipping point where it becomes so blindingly obvious to even the most diehard manipulator that a country’s debt burden is too great even factoring fantastical growth rates?
11138	Isobel was appointed OBE in 2014 for services to mechanical engineering.
11139	Isolated limb perfusion is a technique you would use to help to treat cancer.
11140	ISO LWS observations of cool evolved stars and post-AGB objects.
11141	I soon dropped my standards and realised that dry shampoo was a mum-of-two’s best friend.
11142	I specialise in inventing business solutions that skill-up owners, directors, managers to be self sufficient in growing their businesses and building wealth from their enterprises.
11143	I specialized in OWO, anal, reverse oral and I also give a full GFE experience.
11144	I spent all day with her, washing, cooking, cleaning etc, but I never actually stopped and just listened to her, hung out with her, gave her my undivided attention.
11145	I spent a small fortune in the shop too!
11146	I spent that period pretending to have lost the keys and making increasingly ridiculous excuses to exasperated colleagues who did not know why the room was out of action.
11147	I squeeze my eyes shut and dig my fingers into Masha’s neck where I’m holding her.
11148	IS revenues alone were estimated at $2.5 billion between 2014 and 2016, according to the French president's office.
11149	I started braking but I just knew he was going to hit me.
11150	I started in a standalone as HR Manager in February.
11151	I started off with the gene that encoded Green Fluorescent Protein, and the plan was to mutate the gene to produce a new gene coding for the mutant variant.
11152	Is that an opinion exclusive to former Portuguese police officer Carlos Anjos, who says the the theory that the child was taken dying a burglary is “absurd”?
11153	Is that loo under there?
11154	Is that not where Government step in and we lead by example?
11155	Is that really the Tory Christmas message?
11156	Is that the elder, and art thou the heir?
11157	Is that the experience of others on here as I am not sure whether to try one of these or not?
11158	Is the latter your understanding?
11159	Is the Minister aware that in all the years that I have been here, I have never heard of such a decision, particularly one made by this party, presented by a Minister of Health who is constantly telling us all about the Stafford inquiry and how important.
11160	Is the new Honda Civic Type R better than older versions?
11161	Is there a Free Money contest coming soon? if this is the case then expect servers to go slow.
11162	Is there a mileage restriction?
11163	Is there any violence worse than that which consists in encouraging that which God has forbidden?
11164	Is there a reason why you dont want F in L to be with his partner?
11165	Is there a right way to blow your nose?
11166	Is there a visible footprint at the crime scene left behind by the suspect(s)?
11167	Is there no meetings for pwd nearby?
11168	Is Theresa May planning to announce end of EU free movement next month?
11169	Is the return address correct?
11170	Is the rider ever fully in control going back to my two brains comment?
11171	Is the term “theirs”, now?
11172	Is the University registered with DSA QAG as a provider of DSA funded Non-Medical Help (NMH)?
11173	Is this because the government is not planning to continue propping up those services or because no decisions have been made?
11174	Is this calibre powerful enough?
11175	Is this the ultimate tablet for students?
11176	Is this the world’s first holographic smartphone?
11177	I still am not gf as I caved this morning, although it was a very small d…
11178	"I still think there's a chance she'll go to Punchestown, though.
11179	I stood firm and said I had everything covered but they still took a 700 € deposit which I had expected so left the airport with my family reasonably confident all was good.
11180	"I stood on the shoreline at Laig, surveying my surroundings.
11181	I study towards my ACCA (Association of Charted Certified Accountants) qualification (part-qualified).
11182	I submitted my payrol exam this morning can any of you remeber how long it actually took for you to get your results it says 14 - 28 days how close was it to this.
11183	I suppose every girl has to have a few secrets!
11184	I suspect a lot of people-and not just parents of the schools involved will be interested in at least finding out more and probably campaigning against network rail (again).
11185	Isuzu 7.5 Tonne Insulated drop side tipper with 3 tar chutes, tow bar, beacon and reverse camera.
11186	Is whats app down today no one getting my messages or calls and im not recieving anything either calls or messages.
11187	I switched to an adhesive with a longer working time, which vastly improved my stress level and actually got the job done quicker.
11188	Is workplace wellbeing a tick box exercise or a proactive way of supporting employees to flourish?
11189	Is your child mature?
11190	Is your son safe without this?
11191	Is your system password protected?
11192	It acts as a development agency for peace in Northern Ireland and aims to enable change towards a society free from sectarianism.
11193	It addresses the key issues and institutions within economic, political and legal frameworks, as well as the impacts of social, cultural, technological and environmental developments.
11194	It affects me massively and so many people around the world.
11195	I take Vitamin C tablets to stave off colds and collagen shots called Rejuvenated to keep my skin hydrated.
11196	Italian culture and food is something that everyone should get to experience, Milan has many popular places to eat and an enjoyable vacation for the whole family.
11197	Italian food is as heart-warming as it is fresh and delicious.
11198	Italian Serie A Spanish Primera Division German Bundesliga.
11199	Italian takeaway in Southend-on-Sea from a great selection of restaurants near you.
11200	I talk clearly and do not rush, and ask the caller if they can take what I am saying to them, as I like to hear voices, and I am able to then give more information.
11201	It all began back in 1983 when a pair of cabinet makers who ran a small business restoring antique furniture found they were unable to source traditional beds to suit the modern preference for wider beds.
11202	It all began when I was seventeen.
11203	It all builds the movement.
11204	It all depends on where you want to be.
11205	It allows you to raise money from invoices fast without showing the invoice discounting company to your clients.
11206	It all sounds horribly familiar, doesn't it?
11207	It all started in 1964 when the two founder members – Neville Pugh and Bob Colley - placed an advertisement in the Western Telegraph asking if there was anyone interested in starting a vintage car club.
11208	'It all tasted delicious.
11209	“It all turned out OK in the end.”
11210	It all went really well and the itinerary was great and not too rushed.
11211	It also acts as trustee/liquidator where no private insolvency practitioner is appointed.
11212	It also affects the pocket of anyone who receives a counterfeit note, as they are worthless.
11213	It also allows individual sales people to build up a rapport with their specific account clients and develop client relationships which go beyond the occasional phone call or email.
11214	It also can provide valuable experience that can’t be gained by repeatedly working for the same client.
11215	It also comes with airbags, ISOFIX points, a rear seatbelt reminder and passenger airbag deactivation which helps if you’re putting a child seat in the front.
11216	It also covers travel costs associated with making the compensation claim itself.
11217	“It also demonstrates that there remains strong demand for industrial units in rural areas as businesses seek to provide a good working environment for their staff.”
11218	It also employs advanced cylinder-on-demand technology to ensure that economy holds true to Audi efficiency ambitions, with up to 28.8mpg possible despite the ferocious pace.
11219	It also employs collaborative opportunities between industrial partners and entrepreneurs.
11220	It also failed to pay an award made of £300.
11221	It also features a compact FastFront design to simplify paper loading and ink replacement.
11222	It also found that the Home Office, the Government department responsible for police services, did not have good …
11223	It also fuels the creation of talented workers to fulfil the needs of larger international businesses and taps into the latest breakthroughs at our universities, higher education institutes and research organisations.
11224	It also has great transport connections to London Marylebone and the rest of the Midlands.
11225	It also has T. Vs and well stocked hospitality trays in all rooms, and free guest parking.
11226	It also included a contemporary curved wall with glazed inserts, based on the west window of Winchester Cathedral, by artist Sue Kennington.
11227	It also incorporates box office services for other local and national events and festivals.
11228	It also known for its UK domain names along with uk web hosting.
11229	It also links to the specific airport lounges that you can pre-book.
11230	It also looks at climate change, pressure of development, changes to subsidies following Brexit, and rural business adaptation.
11231	It also looks attractive and can aid in cooling the barrel as it has a greater surface area – there are six flutes in total.
11232	It also makes for transparency in our processes and ensures accurate delivery stages can be set and met.
11233	It also means we can take less water from rivers and our environment in order to provide drinking water supplies.
11234	It also preserves your brand identity as a dog fashion guru.
11235	It also provides evidence on the demographic impact of the first year of the WfH expansion programme.
11236	It also provides evidence to help inform the debate about the role of housing stock held by older people.
11237	It also provides the peace of mind that only a common, recognised and validated standard of training can provide.
11238	It also reduces the oxygen levels in our blood, making the heart pump that much harder, and can lead to blot clots which cause heart attacks and strokes.
11239	It also reminds us that genuine democracy and freedom cannot grow from aerial bombardment and foreign occupation.
11240	It also showed how IL manifests itself in different contexts, in this case through understanding the impact of licensing and copyright within the scholarly communications process.
11241	"It also suffers from overheating and glare in the main hall and needs a general revamp of the electrical, mechanical and plumbing services to meet modern standards.
11242	It also won a What Food What Wine challenge as a match for lamb rogan josh.
11243	Italy offers you all of this with a little extra passion.
11244	Italy, one of the European Union's.
11245	ITALY’S decision to cut economic ties with the European Union could undermine the nation’s “privileged position in the club of advanced economies” according to the country’s largest business lobby group.
11246	‘It amounts to the state washing its hands of the responsibility to provide a system of dispute resolution for its citizens,’ Winthrop says.
11247	It analyses the conditions for competition at different levels of the payments supply chain as well as the motivations, merits and potential drawbacks of collaboration among market participants.
11248	It appears they have restricted this in a Google-style manner of targeting the more popular, more frequently visited pages.
11249	It applied to build 59 homes in 2016 and this scheme will be decided at a planning appeal, after North Somerset Council took too long to decide.
11250	It asks searching questions like who owns the land and why?
11251	It attacks corners boldly, turning-in aggressively with minimal roll and body flex – and maximum grip.
11252	It bases its work on sound scientific understanding, ensuring its policies and partnerships deliver for wildlife and biodiversity.
11253	It began solely to create AR for brands – and continues to grow a strong in-house creative team (including 3D artists) – but branched out to offer software primarily for small businesses to use and create their own AR branding.
11254	It beggars belief that the people caught up in this cruel and callous scenario, to satisfy the draconian rules had to produce four pieces of documentary evidence for each year they claimed to have lived in Britain.
11255	It benefits from the former garage that has been converted into a utility/studio.
11256	It brings a more 21st century approach to the processing of personal data.
11257	It broke my heart to lose you, but to stay just brought you pain.
11258	It brought to life key learning concepts from our curriculum and enabled children to take their new-found confidence from their experience into their own lives.
11259	It builds on the enormous success of our ‘Humanities in Public’ (HiP) Festival, which has run since 2013/14.
11260	It can affect people of all ages, including children, and as the most commonly affected joints are those in the hands, spine, knees and hips – which obviously you all need full use of to be able to sit in a car and drive safely.
11261	It can also be more cost effective than choosing an all-inclusive holiday.
11262	It can also export its report in plain text or XML format.
11263	It can be a good idea to run with the map in your hand, keeping an eye on where you are.
11264	It can be easily done by our toolbox.
11265	It can be encouraging to look back over time and see how much you've moved forward.
11266	It can be hard keeping up with the constant stream of new gadgets and wearables that make life easier or more productive, such as Nike Fitbit Flex or Microsoft Band.
11267	It can be hard to reduce the risk of cold sores, but it certainly won’t hurt to maintain a consistent personal hygiene routine including regular hand washing.
11268	It can be more challenging to decide on a wedding hairstyle if you have afro hair.
11269	It can be prevented by ventilating the bathroom sufficiently.
11270	It can be purchased by any person, company organisation.
11271	It can be stressful at times but it never seems to get her down.
11272	It can decide to impose a restricted movement requirement - electronic monitoring.
11273	It can seem like a bit of a minefield, but we’re here to help.
11274	It can take a back seat view of the deal and build on what it does best - offer great products at low prices and stick to the Yorkshire values that Sir Ken Morrison installed in the company.
11275	It can take up to 3 hours for your to first sync with Microsoft's server, during which time you won't be able to log in to the Microsoft portal.
11276	It can then be very frustrating to find that several other people are going through the same process on the same property and the seller chooses to accept someone else's offer.
11277	It certainly lived up to its name by being a beast of an ice cream that was a filling snack.
11278	It claimed four models would be available going into the second half of the year: the C31 single-cab minitruck, the C32 double-cab mini-truck, the C35 panel van and C37 minivan.
11279	It claims that its is a 60GB option that costs £83 per month with a £10 upfront fee, but that seems mighty expensive to us.
11280	It combines an app and a Bluetooth bracelet and acts as a ‘dead man’s switch’, alerting friends and family when the owner doesn’t check in regularly.
11281	It combines this with the tax efficiency of investing through an EU-based provider in Ireland, where the underlying investment can grow free of UK tax, with any personal taxation usually being deferred until any profits are brought back to the UK.
11282	It comes after David McAlinden resigned following Carrick's playoff defeat to Newry City AFC which saw the club relegated from the Premiership.
11283	It comes highly recommended by previous guests, many of whom return.
11284	It compares the responses of teachers and their pupils in 2009, when the arrival of Eastern European children was relatively new, with follow-up data from 2016 which sought to question whether earlier impressions had persisted or changed.
11285	It comprises a heart-shaped key ring and a key-shaped keyring that slots inside the heart.
11286	It concerns me, however, that although we are achieving equality for women, we are not achieving it for all women, in this country or in the world.
11287	It conducts PR and media relations campaign.
11288	It confirms an overall slowing of activity within the housing market but highlights how the buy to let sector remains healthy as lending to landlords increased by nine per cent in comparison with last year.
11289	It consists of a brass tube supported on a brass pillar and tripod, with interchangeable eyepieces, surmounted by a smaller finder telescope.
11290	It consists of many different types of proteins, cells, organs and tissues and encompasses a wide variety of biological processes that work together to identify and destroy any harmful foreign cells or substances the body does not recognise.
11291	It consists of shortening a proportion of the annual growth in order to produce more wood, leaving some unpruned to form fruit buds.
11292	It constantly requires me all around one hour to make 500 words since i change and polish after i go.
11293	It contained a 10-lever LMS REC frame.
11294	It contains 14,052m2 open plan offices, a council chamber and civil ceremonies suite.
11295	It contains more information about avoiding contact with allergens in your garden.
11296	It contains news, reviews, opinion, features, and recruitment advertising.
11297	It contributes £1 billion to the UK economy every year and supports 15,000 jobs nationally.
11298	It costs US$20, payable by VISA/Mastercard debit or credit card only.
11299	It could be through existing events like school plays, concerts and summer fetes or through new fundraising events and activities.
11300	It could not have happened at a worse time as he and his wife had just sold their house and bought a new property.
11301	It could outline the different stages of the investigation, what to expect and list the help available.
11302	It covers all the practical aspects of financing your practice and relates it to real situations, keeping a strong practical element where people can apply the advice there and then, tailor-made to their own projects.
11303	It covers audiences as both producers and consumers of media texts.
11304	It covers both fixed and wireless networks and services, bundled propositions, and alternative services delivered over the internet (‘over-the-top’).
11305	It covers England, Scotland and Wales and can give grants towards extra employment costs.
11306	It covers North Wales, including Anglesey and Holyhead, Snowdonia, Rhyl and the North Wales coast.
11307	It crosses the public road near Herdhillmuir and continues on over Egno Moss, the mapped site of Reedie Market, before crossing a track running northwest from Kinalty.
11308	It currently offers five undergraduate degree programmes, various double and concurrent degree programmes, as well as advanced Masters and PhD degree programmes that allow specialisations in emerging areas of importance.
11309	It'd be great to see a few photos of Lymington on the forum - welcome to AiX as well!
11310	It delivers the close as well as the open look of the bath.
11311	It demonstrates to clients that agencies outside London can be at the forefront of creative thinking and marketing excellence.
11312	It describes the approach to the study, the sampling strategy, the determination of the noise exposure, the analytical approach and the results.
11313	It describes the distinctive features of doctoral degrees in the UK.
11314	It describes the probability of something bad happening, and it forms the basis of today’s multi-billion-pound insurance industry as well as occupying the minds of countless scientists, technologists, engineers and politicians, as well as you and me.
11315	It details the 95 miles from Glasgow to Fort William.
11316	It did make me wonder, though – what does it really take to become a top footballer?
11317	It didn't look like it was going to be an easy win last night at the Skydome, which was disappointingly empty, but had the largest paying crowd of the season.
11318	It didn’t take long for a backlash to occur and it wasn’t reprinted until the mid 19th century.
11319	It discovered that three quarters—76%—of universities are breaching consumer law by failing to provide prospective students with vital information.
11320	It does feel amazing.
11321	It does help when you’re not alone.
11322	It does, however, have more freedom of manoeuvre than it thinks.
11323	It does not include people who were removed from the institution.
11324	It doesn’t happen that frequently because there are a lot of people on set, and it can be very technical, but it happens from time to time.
11325	“It doesn’t look like it’s going to be enough but there is a lot of golf let to play, so you never know,” said Broome Manor man Howell.
11326	It doesn't matter how far you are on your journey, you can still contribute your views and experiences.
11327	It doesn't matter where you intend to travel, Agoda coupons and discounts have you covered so never spend a quid more than you need to.
11328	It doesn’t say what makes you eligible for either?
11329	It does this by being simple and cheaper and - critically - using new technology.
11330	It does this by creating a brand story which is like a ‘bible’ of the character, characteristics, assets and priorities of a place.
11331	It drives growth throughout different parts of the country, raising productivity and, crucially, rebalancing our economy, but we cannot empower local government if we impoverish it.
11332	I telephoned a week later they still did not have her records and they had no record of my conversation a week earlier i had with them, said they would phone me back within 4 hours, they did not.
11333	Items (a), (b) and (c) can only be awarded if three active devices are used.
11334	Items for January Newsletter by post to 132 High St by Wednesday 15th December marked ‘Tricia’s Diary’.
11335	Items that are classed as "sharps" include needles or broken glass.
11336	Items that cannot be recycled should be placed out for collection in securely tied black sacks.
11337	It enables us to be more effective in the work we do.
11338	“It enables us to complete a process for proving the business case for the delivery of a much-needed bypass in Middlewich and we intend to press ahead with this at the earliest opportunity.
11339	It enables you to meet people from nearly every other college in the University and broaden your horizons outside of your own college.
11340	It ended up in court as the injury was quite serious.
11341	I tend just to plod along,” he says.
11342	“It enhances our surroundings and quality of life and is essential if we want to attract new jobs and investment to the Borders.
11343	It enjoys large front and rear gardens, with driveway parking and a garage.
11344	It enjoys wonderful views of the waters of Loch Gairloch and on towards the Wester Ross Hills, and boasts a two-person steam shower house.
11345	It even has features like discounting that aren’t available on some rivals like SumUp.
11346	It examines synthetic gems and discusses how to tell them apart from natural stones.
11347	It examines the topic of advertising in a lively and accessible way.
11348	It explores how quality of life can be balanced by the need for conservation of world resources.
11349	It featured live music from four bands and two singers as well as a DJ and was aimed at raising awareness of suicide in young men and to raise funds for the Stamp Out Suicide charity.
11350	It featured planting in Geoff’s signature cottage garden style and included favourite varieties such as sweet pea ‘Geoff Hamilton’.
11351	It features a flattering U-cut vamp design and a pointed toe.
11352	It features a modern control panel, the Bureau Dashboard, which allows you to search and find a client with minimal information, backup all clients at the same time and view historical data without interrupting work on a current payroll.
11353	It feels as if it’s been a month of anniversaries, some happy, some sad.
11354	It feels like yesterday that I walked into my French office for the first time.
11355	It feels really well constructed, skis well on the piste and is good fun in chopped up snow.
11356	It focuses on all things consent: what it is, how you get it, what happens when you don’t get consent and how to help survivors of sexual violence.
11357	It focuses on the character of the titular hotel’s concierge M. Gustave (), known for his charm and his amorous relationships with the guests in his care.
11358	It follows a drop in admissions, after a rise in people being treated in their communities.
11359	It forms part of the Sutton Bank Nature Trail and is well worth the diversion.
11360	It found that social value is an important enabler, but that local authorities can go further in how they use it to drive a 'fundamental change' in commissioning practice.
11361	It gave me enough financial support to say ‘I’ll take this risk’, take the plunge, become self-employed and take being an artist seriously.
11362	It gets to know you and how you use your phone, and manages your power consumption to make your battery last longer.
11363	It gives a higher reflectance in the visible part of the spectrum than the ceramic white tile and can also be used in the UV.
11364	It gives me something to do for myself, and a little bit of space from being a full time single parent!
11365	It gives parents much- needed respite.
11366	It gives the historic context of the west’s disdain for the right to self determination of a Syrian people for whom it has shed such Niagaras …
11367	It gives you a stress free life that rejuvenates you and prepared you for a new beginning.
11368	It goes without saying, I’m afraid, that your beloved phone will distract you, so put it in a drawer where it can’t compete for your attention.
11369	It got a good laugh.
11370	It got as market charter in 1315, and the Grand Junction Canal was built in the early 1800s.
11371	It got into financial difficulties in the late 1980s and, in 1991, the firm called in the loan with more than £300,000 outstanding.
11372	It guides you through the steps of creating a user account, connecting to the internet and adjusting privacy and other settings.
11373	It had partly happened with Ronald Reagan, a TV cowboy who sold soap during commercial breaks.
11374	It had published the results of a survey by Diet Chef which included data which could not be correct.
11375	It had to be something which would be educational, but above all which would be fun.
11376	It had two heads, at opposite ends of its body and when it moved it tried to go in two different directions at once.
11377	I thank again my right hon.
11378	It happened on Doncaster Road shortly after midnight today (8 December 2017).
11379	"It happens to be a real tough job to keep a track on the user permissions related to their access of the printer and USB ports on Systems with multiple user access.
11380	‘It happens to me too’was launched in Parliament at an event hosted by Co-Chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group for Continence Care, Rosie Cooper MP.
11381	It has 30 rooms and Individuals must book direct with the hotel via the website below for the nights they wish to stay.
11382	It has accessible paths and a lovely mixture of flowers and vegetables that can be enjoyed by the volunteers.
11383	It has achieved its planned savings and is exceptionally well prepared to face future financial challenges.
11384	It has a comprehensive list of well known figures of the time and biographical information about them and their sexual interactions in society.
11385	It has a large representative sample, follows people as they age and collects biomarkers.
11386	It has also improved its assessment of risk, including what risks might occur in the future.
11387	It has an up-and-over door, electric power, light, further loft storage space and a door to the rear garden.
11388	It has a simple sleep element.
11389	It has a sturdy build quality and a hard to scratch finish.
11390	It has a two-second gap between each light burst, which has been developed to cause the customer the least pain during the process as possible.
11391	It has become a major social movement and is considered a key change platform for the NHS and social care.
11392	It has become increasingly obvious that something went terribly wrong with British intelligence-gathering, both its methods and morality, after the…
11393	It has been a busy week for anyone with an interest in the Trust Registration Service (TRS).
11394	It has been a great privilege for me to serve you and I look forward to another year.
11395	It has been a long and hard-won victory in many western countries, and the struggle is not yet over.
11396	It has been a pleasure as always!
11397	It has been a really good programme and very useful for me.
11398	It has been a successful year for the College’s Widening Participation learners.
11399	It has been created to help counties including Pembrokeshire to boost their economy with regards to jobs and growth.
11400	“It has been so heart-warming to hear all of these people’s stories.
11401	It has clearly stated its intent to become a robust regulator.
11402	It has contributed to the successful revitalisation of community interest in over 20 commons and trained hundreds of volunteers in a range of essential skills.
11403	It has earned the approval of many of us through its work on the rail system.
11404	It has enjoyed great soil.
11405	It has every amenity you could need fro a holiday, the owner has thought of everything.
11406	It has everything you need, even a Nespresso coffee machine.
11407	It has gradually edged the working class element out of its ranks.
11408	It has just won the title of Northamptonshire Food Pub of the Year on the back of its superb dining experience.
11409	It has just worked.”
11410	"It has lost over a third of its employees in less than a year across all its sites and is now faced with rationalising its facilities in order to improve its financial performance."
11411	It has managed to get a name for itself as one of the most exciting and impressive cars on the open road.
11412	It has not been decided what will happen to the existing leisure centre site but to help offset the cost of building the new facility the Council will consider opportunities to develop the site including the use of temporary parking.
11413	It has not yet been reported in the continental US.
11414	It has opened my eyes more to the feminist movement, and the ever increasing need for us and society to change!
11415	It has proved highly popular, attracting more than 30,000 visitors since it opened at the end of June.
11416	It has purple or sometimes white/pink-purple flowers.
11417	It has recovered slightly since then though, and currently stands at $13,671 (£10,151).
11418	It has round neckline and short sleeves.
11419	It has taken on an additional 25 members of staff and has asked if more could be done to support it, particularly around reducing its business rates, which would go a long way to supporting it and the local high street.
11420	It has taken two years to get there, but with 331 days to go the Treasury’s Brexit forecast of 0.1% growth has materialised.
11421	It has the fine cathedral city of Worcester and some of the most pleasing market towns in the entire country.
11422	It has to be a groom grabbing a guitar and of the cuff singing to his bride.
11423	It has worked beautifully.
11424	It has worked for City, United and Chelsea in the past; and this provides ample opportunity to flex their new-found muscles in the transfer market, and allow them to do something Arsenal couldn’t manage back in 2013.
11425	It have the blue rich snippets banner.
11426	It helped to make our wedding day so perfect!
11427	It helps individuals reflect on what they have learned during induction and training and to their own roles to show how they meet the induction standards.
11428	I then had discussions with vegan friends and other festival goers and it was through this that we discovered the world of minerals!
11429	It highlights how some applications may be more difficult for those who are vulnerable or have "reduced autonomy" - such as domestic abuse victims who rely on a partner to provide documentation.
11430	It highlights the increasing diversity, complexities and opportunities in targeting China’s middle income consumers, and addresses some potential business opportunities for UK companies.
11431	I think a lot of players practise the way they always have and that few have considered the differing ways that they can practise.
11432	I (think) am naturally positive and optimistic about life, and want to protect my little family by not showing any downheartedness.
11433	"I think Bookstart is a very valuable project.
11434	I think having Henry there helping us to get the message across to the children, worked really well.
11435	I think he got 10 goals within his first few games.
11436	“I think he is a little apprehensive of signing a contract because it ties him down and even if he was on contract, we would still not stand in his way of a move to a higher level club.
11437	I think he may have been William as per my invoice?
11438	“I think if we can keep up the momentum we showed in the second half into future games, then we will start winning.
11439	I think if we have got something which alerts people to children crossing then drivers would slow down.”
11440	I think I had around like maybe … not even 1,000 like on Facebook page and around 1,000 on Instagram.
11441	“I think I terrified the life out of him in interview,” jokes a tutor.
11442	I think it’s a FANTASTIC idea to get a documentary together from the point of view of a single parent…hear hear sparklinglime!
11443	I think it’s a ridiculous question.
11444	I think it's best total package I've ever seen for entertainment.
11445	I think it’s important because they are regarded so much as just part of society and yet they are so much more than that.
11446	"I think it’s really important for children to get out of the classroom and engage with their local area, particularly here in the Yorkshire Dales where farming plays such a key role in shaping the landscape."
11447	I think it’s the only way forward.
11448	I think I was happy because even though we were doing all this work I wasn’t sure how it would turn out.
11449	I think one of the steps that a lot of stores miss is that they won’t incentivize or ask people to post photos with hashtags on Instagram.
11450	I think other broadcasters have a role to play as well; we know that broadcasters in the past have had a critical role to play.
11451	I think sometimes as adults we forget how awful and intense it is being a young person.
11452	I think that a good place to start would be planning services by looking at peoples’ lives as a whole, such as bereavement or the loss of mobility.
11453	I think that anybody listening in from outside will be impressed that we are working hard on a very serious matter at quarter to one in the morning.
11454	I think that Hart is perhaps best approached as a clever ideologue (though not so much in this case).
11455	I think that's what makes NX brilliantly unique - it straddles academia, the music industry and DIY culture.
11456	I think that the great mistake in 2003 was that Tony Blair did come to the House, and did secure political cover for himself by allowing a vote.
11457	"I think that way we play, especially at home, we are able to finish games strongly and the Manager is willing to throw caution to the wind in order to get the win."
11458	I think the fear factor about performance management is there but you can’t encourage organisations to let that continue.
11459	I think there's about 9 families in the UK with it.
11460	I think the result was over 30. My daughter in law started looking for unusual pebbles and shells after she had seen the collection in the Dolphins.
11461	I think the whole machine learning robots, and to some extent chatbots, and artificial intelligence is an area that I would more broadly - maybe as a computer scientist - lump into software engineering.
11462	I think this is the 2nd album from Issy & David Emenet with Kate Riaz.
11463	I think this was a really good idea because everyone was shy and scared but even before our studies started, we got to know each other a little bit, so it made life easier.
11464	I think Wendy shed a few tears when he had to leave and they can't wait for August when he will be going back to them for two weeks.
11465	‘I think we’ve got to take a cold, hard look about how councils can become more financially sustainable.’
11466	I think you get the message!
11467	I think you'll find that some external blinds, like Koalashade, are also considerably cheaper than the 'minimum' prices cited here."
11468	I thought a nice bath might rouse him, but he nodded off in the tub too (just like his dad) and remained asleep, just getting a bit grumpy when I put his PJs on.
11469	I thought I didn’t have quite enough ads in my book to get my first job at BMP.
11470	"I thought I had been taught all there is to know about Nazi Germany at GCSE, but, and in only seven weeks, my mind has been demolished and educated beyond belief!
11471	I thought it might be useful to share news of any sales or special offers that we come across for supplies that are useful for our clubs.
11472	I thought it was excellent - and at times truly stunning in it's power of investigating human feelings.
11473	I thought I would never go back.
11474	I thought the exam went ok and hopefully I’ve passed, although you never know.
11475	I thought the finale was a little restrained and pensive, certainly graceful but not quite as dance-like or as much fun as this gavotte-rhythm piece ought to be (and the interpretation of the appoggiatura in the main theme seems to me perverse).
11476	I thought the site would be about india, theres no information at all.
11477	I thought to myself surely it will stop at some point and I’ll just forget about it.
11478	"I thought we had the key moments, especially in the play leading up to the goals."
11479	It includes a copy of the Reservation Agreement Template referred to above along with the guidance notes.
11480	It includes assets in private sector and public sector funded pensions, Defined Benefit (DB) and Defined Contribution (DC) pensions, workplace and individual pensions, annuities and drawdown.
11481	It includes consideration of the potential consequences for companies who do not comply with their duties, and will be relevant to all businesses, regardless of their size.
11482	It includes many types of equipment and accessories, toys, grooming products, food, treats and more.
11483	It includes special safety features including clip fastenings to prevent the lid of the base rising whilst the mattress is being flipped and plastic shields on the piston mechanism prevent little fingers from getting into mischief.
11484	It includes well known pieces.
11485	It inlcuded all items, shoes, dresses, coats, the lot.
11486	It introduced a new and lower variable rate with a different name and used this for new borrowers.
11487	It involved food, a trip up the Lighthouse, bubble tea, a visit to the Gallery of Modern Art and dessert.
11488	It involves meeting with practitioners to make sure you only have to tell your story once and that help is provided as quickly and effectively as possible.
11489	It is a an impressive and unique setting for training, dining and entertaining in style.
11490	It is a beautiful dale in all seasons with spring lambs, wild flower meadows, autumn colours, and snowy landscapes all offering their particular attractions.
11491	It is able to deal in more detail with sensitive issues from the full committee agenda and with specific issues, including those where the company needs to develop consistent UK-wide policies.
11492	It is absolutely woeful that we are not doing more to tackle it.
11493	It is a chance for the whole community to gather and celebrate the leafy friends we all have in common.
11494	It is advisable that someone from your marketing team writes your blogs, rather than a practicing accountant.
11495	It is advisable to check this with a gauge as soon as possible.
11496	It is a game that india a vs australia a final match prediction involves many subtleties and variables on which the poker player can base his or her decisions.
11497	It is a good size without unnecessary features.
11498	It is a great scheme to get young people into science and research and development so early on.
11499	It is a great time to visit the Highlands and major sites like the Highlands Wildlife Park and Oban Seal Sanctuary are open as are.
11500	It is a group boasting impressive success stories.
11501	It is a hard thing for a healthy brain to grasp, that a brain with dementia can't understand something.
11502	It is all too easy to get it wrong and drown the baby or make it inhale the milk and develop pneumonia.
11503	It is also an exciting time for healthcare robotics, the emerging fields of using surgical robotics for less invasive surgeries and assisted-living robotics are fascinating.
11504	It is also bad for children.
11505	It is also good practice to consult with children as part of your design process as this may be your best method of assessing need and understanding.
11506	It is also important not to share personal data with third parties.
11507	It is also important that CHIRON products look good and feel good.
11508	It is also known that chronic bad breath occurs in case of dried mouth as salivary secretion controlling the oral micro-flora is reduced.
11509	It is also possible to undertake further specialised training in order to work with children and young people, or to apply for a research PhD.
11510	It is also unlawful for traders to mislead consumers about their legal rights or for a trader to give false or deceptive information about his business, status or qualifications.
11511	It is a massive thing to do and it really does help.
11512	It is a master and servant contract of this kind that BA is imposing on new cabin crew and which the British Airlines Stewards and Stewardesses Association is quite rightly trying to stop.
11513	It is an ideal base to explore northern Warwickshire’s many attractions.
11514	It is an income related benefit which means the money you have coming in and your savings are used to work out any award.
11515	It is an incredibly exciting time at the Living Wage Foundation, where we have just announced the 1,500th accredited Living Wage employer!
11516	It is an offence to fail to register a food business.
11517	It is an ongoing process, subject to constant review.
11518	It is an open-ended scenario.
11519	It is an overview of how the data looks rather than the full details.
11520	It is an unusual cause of generalised weakness in dogs and occasionally cats.
11521	“It is a period of change for Scunthorpe and reflecting on it, it is definitely the right decision.”
11522	It is a picture-postcard of a place with the brightly painted buildings along the main street to the pier and the high woodland-fringed hills surrounding the bay.
11523	It is a portrait of the sculptor Barbara Hepworth, where her features are reduced…
11524	It is approached via its own private drive and inside there are six bedrooms, four bathrooms, four reception rooms, some with open fireplaces and all with large windows filling the house with natural light.
11525	It is apt to begin by considering access to justice and the courts.
11526	It is a recruitment and retention tool for many of the very businesses that the Government are trying to encourage with things such as the northern powerhouse and the midlands engine—in other words, businesses outside London.
11527	It is as if she has always lived here.
11528	It is a station on the Midland railway.
11529	It is as they say a "no brainer".
11530	It is as well to remember that readable books on management were very few and far between when Drucker wrote The concept of the corporationThe practice of management.
11531	It is a team completely made up of ex-installers and plumbers, so fully able to undertake the maintenance requirements for AKW products.
11532	It is at perihelion in September and will fade.
11533	It is a very good service.'
11534	It is a very picturesque area considering how close it is to the centre of the city and the nearby Hampstead Heath is a good place to chill out.
11535	It is a waiting game.
11536	It is based on National Insurance contributions and the amount you get depends on how much you paid in.
11537	It is believed that the government's specification to treble the maximum discount for those seeking Right to Buy to £75,000 has played a significant part in this increased level of popularity.
11538	It is believed that the man assaulted the woman.
11539	It is believed that Whisler taught the boy Crome about paints and how to work with them, mixing the colours.
11540	It is best to raise your concern as soon as possible after the problem occurs.
11541	It is both stylish and functional.
11542	It is BRTC policy for its involvement to be fully funded in the study grant, and as part of this to have at least one senior academic and one senior trial manager as co-applicants on the grant application.
11543	It is built to accommodate 95 inmates, and usually there are in it from 30 to 40 inmates, of whom 20 probably will be old and infirm, five or six able-bodied, and 10 or 12 children.
11544	It is by no means a new thing to support your favourite band or artist via a piece of clothing.
11545	It is carefully designed to be the perfect platform for your mattress.
11546	It is caused by sludge in the system, or old age.
11547	It is challenging viewing.
11548	"It is clear that many farms and rural communities have been severely hit by flooding and it could take a long time to recover.
11549	It is commonly accepted that the UK’s interpretation of extended producer responsibility (EPR) for packaging is not fit for purpose (particularly for plastics), and the new Circular Economy Package is extending the scope and ambition of EPR.
11550	It is co-sponsored by ESA & the national authorities of its members states.
11551	“It is crucial that leaders across politics, business, education and many more sectors help us to tackle stigma and discrimination and we hope to have their support when we launch our organisational pledge later this year.”
11552	It is currently likely take at least 5 or 6 weeks before you get your first payment, but you can ask for an advanced payment (called a Budgeting Advance) if you don't have enough money to last that long - see Universal Credit advances - on the GOV.
11553	It is designed to provide independent living with a community feel for residents aged over 55, with additional care packages if required.
11554	It is detail for the minimalist and nostalgia for the stoic."
11555	It is doing so again in 2017.
11556	It is easy to hide behind weasel words such as patient choice or an open mind.
11557	It is easy to see why many Wills are revoked by the event of marriage.
11558	“It is easy to take what ends up on our plate for granted without thinking of the hard work and care that goes into getting it there.
11559	It is empowering women, in particular.
11560	It is envisaged that over the duration of the strategy (2014-2017) there will be a number of small sub-groups formed, whose role will focus on working on completing key actions for each of the seven strategic objectives outlined in the delivery plan.
11561	“It is envisaged that the GS-STAR Travel Fund will enable rapid reactivity to emerging crises in the seaweed industry and foster further international cooperation between researchers and practitioners in this field.”
11562	It is especially closely associated with the Directorate of Obstetrics and Gynaecology which runs the services based on Ward 2 including the day case beds on that ward.
11563	It is essential that you check your email account frequently, including bulk/junk folders, for invitations to tests, interviews, auditions or instructions on portfolio submission.
11564	It is established that the business’s other two factory sites are only capable of picking up 20% of the lost production capacity, putting it at risk of not meeting its orders.
11565	It is estimated that 24 per cent of 14-year-old girls and nine per cent of boys the same age have depression.
11566	It is estimated that approximately 20% of heat escaping from a home is due to badly installed double glazing.
11567	It is estimated that most households could save somewhere between £200 and £235 per year.
11568	It is even better if these cases are local ones; people known in an area who have got involved early can explain the pros and cons from a personal angle.
11569	It is even referred to by some as our new oil, because in this data lies real opportunity, to improve both our health outcomes and our economic prosperity.
11570	It is exceptional in its brightest moments, with tense, thrilling flashpoints and affecting moments of beauty and empathy.
11571	It is expected these charges, plus reduced hours at recycling centres in Backwell and Portishead, will save the council £225,000 a year.
11572	It is expected to be fully open shortly.
11573	It is fermented in stainless steel tanks, then aged for four years in American oak barrels where it gathers a layer of yeast (mould, to you and me) called flor which gives the sherry its distinct pale golden colour, aroma and flavour.
11574	It is for teenagers with acne, clogged pores, etc.
11575	It is for these reasons that Fred Pearce has done socialists engaged in the environmental movement, as well as those defending migrants and fighting racism, a tremendous service with this book.
11576	It is for this reason that this document has been renamed the ULEV Guide.
11577	It is free to register with each of them.
11578	It is generally accepted that dyslexia is best described as a continuum from people who are so mildly affected that they may be unaware that they have any dyslexia traits to those who are severely affected.
11579	It is generally used in major investigations.
11580	It is good for the customer, with potential savings of up to 50% on their mains water bill and for the environment, helping to preserve scarce fresh water supplies and in certain commercial applications the risk of flooding as well.
11581	It is half the weight of a conventional stone resin.
11582	It is here these new voices have subverted the tradition of media representation.
11583	It is hoped that the conclusions will be ready by July 2016 so any CPZ consultation and implementation can commence soon after this date.
11584	It is hugely important nationally as a means of raising the profile of Gaelic’s role in our heritage.
11585	It is ideal for business users also, with its political colouring of local council areas.
11586	"It is immensely valuable to have taylor-made days such as this, when hands-on approach is definitely allowed, and you don't feel like an exhibit yourself if you want to look at the design of the furniture or even the windows.
11587	It is imperfect, but imperfection is not apartheid.
11588	“It is important a healthy retail offering remains available for the local community at the Caledonian Retail Park and this is a point I will be impressing upon both Carpetright and DTZ investors.”
11589	It is important for every professional deputy to review the changes and understand how they could affect their duties and obligations in relation to existing and future deputyships.
11590	It is important for us all to reflect on that.
11591	It is important people understand the different types of power of attorney documents and how they vary in their application.
11592	It is important that if you find yourself in financial difficulties then you let us know as soon as possible.
11593	It is important that researchers consider whether Intellectual Property may generated by their project and that they are aware of the University policy on Intellectual Property Rights.
11594	It is important that the right people with the right skills and experience are retained to deliver this important work.
11595	It is important that you are comfortable with the responsibilities and challenges of being in practice as you will be responsible for everything.
11596	It is important that you bring any medicines you are taking, including herbal medicines or supplements.
11597	It is important that your child knows why their hair will fall out by preparing them for hair loss.
11598	It is important that you read and understand the Terms of Service before using the Service.
11599	It is important that you take extra care when conducting your hygiene regime so that you can avoid bad breath, tooth decay and gum disease.
11600	It is important though that your cross training doesn’t impact negatively on your cycling sessions as these are your priority.
11601	It is important to advise your Insurer of any facts or changes which affect your insurance policy and which have occurred either since the policy started or since the last renewal date e.g. change in use, refurbishments, extensions etc.
11602	It is important to check this carefully to ensure there is no mistakes.
11603	It is important to do so as the balance of occupation may change in the future.
11604	It is important to keep this number as this is required to submit the company tax return.
11605	It is important to know why an employee is sick, in case the cause could be work-related, or if reasonable adjustments are needed to help the employee return to work, as well as organise appropriate cover for the absence, if needed.
11606	It is important to look beyond the words or behaviours you can see to the feelings that the person might be trying to express.
11607	It is important to pick up on the signs of a chest or urine infection.
11608	It is important to realise that most of these designs can be made in most of the different granites illustrated.
11609	It is important to remember that not all children and young people who experience any of these factors will automatically experience complicated grief.
11610	Itis important to stress that the men’s story distinguished two atrocious beatings received from officers of the Crown, one by the British Police and another in the Prison, to which they were committed by the Court.
11611	It is important to understand exactly what you're being offered.
11612	It is important to use gentle, short strokes as overzealous brushing can lead to a number of dental problems.
11613	It is important you do not delay in making your online application as we normally pay benefit from the Monday following the date the claim is submitted.
11614	It is important you think about how cold weather this winter may affect you, your family and your home.
11615	It is inadvisable to supply new or expensive kit to a first-time customer whose personal circumstances are not known to you.
11616	It is incredibly significant your article is actually a complete that each one of the bits fit together.
11617	It is interesting that our Westminster Government has such a disregard for voters in Scotland that they would "forget" our national elections.
11618	It is interesting to compare our suggestion with what has finally been implemented.
11619	It is in this context, in the context of a rather regretful defensiveness amongst gays and a rather authoritarian instinct amongst the political elite, that I think we should oppose the thing called gay marriage that is currently being pushed through.
11620	It is Jack and the Beanstalk but not as you know it, unless you’ve seen another version that brings in a transmogrifying machine and a strong fixation with (the original trilogy, if you please).
11621	It is just under 8 miles away from Manchester and there is evidence to suggest that there has been a settlement here since the Bronze Age.
11622	It is known as the smallest city located within the United Kingdom, with less than 2,000 people.
11623	It is known from finds of pottery and coins, but also stone which appears to represent former buildings.
11624	It is less than 2 miles from the West Highland village of Arrochar along the A814 towards Helensburgh.
11625	It is light and sunny thanks to windows which run the length of the ceiling.
11626	It is likely that measurements of both the hedge and the garden will need to be taken.
11627	It is located beside the old Roman Road Watling Street.
11628	It is located in and around Cardiff's beautiful civic centre, which boasts impressive Portland stone buildings, parks and tree-lined avenues.
11629	It is located outside Kennare and a good starting point to discover the region.
11630	It is made by weaving extra sets of.
11631	It is made up of several components, and is focused on better equipping people to overcome structural barriers to health and to tackle both stigma and discrimination.
11632	It is mandatory for competitors to carry a Fire Extinguisher, there are no restrictions on size, and any type apart from BCF or Dry Powders are accepted.
11633	It is most practical to use mulches in well-spaced crops, particularly transplants.
11634	It is my pleasure to report on an excellent Michaelmas term that has absolutely flown by.
11635	It is negotiated when they put the property on the market.
11636	It is no accident that the Deputy Chair of that Committee, the hon.
11637	It is no coincidence that Kensington and Chelsea has always been one of the boroughs in the country with the lowest proportion of public housing.
11638	It is notable for a nearby aqueduct, that was originally built out of wood until destroyed by flooding in 1834.
11639	It is not a place where you can gossip and say things with impunity, and we are about to demonstrate that.’
11640	It is not clear what these were used for or what they looked like.
11641	"It is not consciousness that determines existence, but social existence that determines consciousness."
11642	It is not for me to make any such assertion.
11643	It is not for Police and Crime Commissioners to tell Chief Constables when to authorise the use of Tasers.
11644	It is not for the purpose of giving treatment that would conflict with a valid and applicable advance decision.
11645	It is not generally persistent in soil systems but may be moderately persistent in aquatic systems under certain conditions.
11646	It is not hard to see why.
11647	It is not, however, much of a surprise.
11648	It is not just a question of saying that they are too far away for us to care about.
11649	It is not just method to usher in United states products and facilities; it’s also an admissible reason behind scientific progression and program preservation.
11650	It is not necessary to read every word but you should try and train your eyes to float over the text until they focus in on the piece of information you are looking for.
11651	It is not persistent in soiI systems and is unlikely to be persistent in water systems.
11652	It is not so easy to run a venue in scenic but scattered Cumbria.
11653	It is not the end of the world if you are unsuccessful.
11654	It is not uncommon to come across studies that have been commissioned with the view to either support or dispute the works of Darwin.
11655	It is now part of the department and its chief executive sits on Defra’s board of management.
11656	It is now possible to claim National Insurance credits that will count towards those benefits.
11657	It isn’t as thick as what I had used previously, but after a few strokes, I didn’t really care!
11658	It isnt cheap, 3 courses each and drinks came to over £60 but it was a truly memorable occasion and we will return even though we live over 60 miles away it is worth the trip.
11659	It isn't clear that CPR 'should not be offered or attempted for 1'.
11660	IT isn't there to play one role.
11661	It is often combined with excision to treat large warts that develop around the anus or vulva that have failed to respond to topical treatments.
11662	It is often said that individuals enter the early years sector because they want to work with children, not because they want to become managers.
11663	It is on a remote part of Island, found on the eastern edge.
11664	“It is one of the healthiest takeaways and it is one of the cheapest and tastiest takeaways,” David says.
11665	It is only a few minutes’ drive from the town centre, where there are restaurants to suit all tastes, swimming pools, sport centres, multiplex cinema, theatre, museum, pubs and shops.
11666	It is only going to boost the overall percentage for you more than anything else does.
11667	It is only one of a vast number of other priorities they are having to deal with on shrinking budgets.
11668	It is open to all users of our services.
11669	It is our first new route since the Mallaig-Lochboisdale and Ardrossan-Campbeltown services in 2013, and we are looking forward to working with the local community and playing a part in the economic development and growth of the island.'
11670	It is particularly suitable for part-time or shift workers, people who are unemployed or on other benefits and those who are at home looking after children.
11671	It is part of a rolling programme of inspections of all police forces in England and Wales.
11672	It is perfectly reasonable for the trade unions to seek to defend their members’ jobs.
11673	It is perhaps not a coincidence that our organisation was set up in the 1970s – another time of economic austerity and rising unemployment.
11674	It is positioned over a mould that contains a negative of one of Roger’s figures, and the metal is tipped in, rolling like liquid sunshine.
11675	It is possible for specific people to apply to the court to vary or discharge a special guardianship order, either with or without permission from the court.
11676	It is possible that we haven't had a chance to deal with your change yet but if you have told us, we will send you an adjustment notice if the amount you have to pay changes.
11677	It is possible to get lifetime exclusions.
11678	It is possible to treat pneumococcal diseases with antibiotics and the most commonly used antibiotics are penicillin and erythromycin.
11679	It is possible to view PCO Report by clicking into the “Data Selector” and changing the “Data View” and selecting the required PCOs name from “Organisation”.
11680	It is predominantly used in situations where there is a private water supply treatment requirement.
11681	It is principally a timber framed building, giving it its characteristic 'striped' or 'black and white' appearance.
11682	It is probable the mount was the island port known as that was referenced in Greek records.
11683	It is proof of how far South African reds have come in the past 10 years.
11684	It is proposed that a debate on Windrush would happen on that date in Backbench time, if time was available.
11685	It is proposed to remove these steps and replace them with a new ramp and steps which will connect the street level all the way down to the towpath.
11686	It is, rather, a potentially helpful approach to asking the right questions (and to examining and challenging answers which are put forward by others) — about nature as well as about human society.
11687	It is really easy to clean especially with the lift out jug.
11688	It is reassuring that the ICRS's reviews have found that overall the SRA has in place sound and appropriate complaint handling processes.
11689	It is recognised within the EnterpriseM3 Partnership area as a centre for growth and will form a major part of its bid to Government for financial support to secure both economic growth and housing provision.
11690	It is refreshing to learn how you activate your personal conviction not only for your benefit, but to understand other diversities and learn from them.
11691	It is remarkable and beautiful.
11692	It is remarkable that a very similar change has befallen St. Peter's at Rome.
11693	It is safe, quick and straight forward and can be combined with other treatments such as dermal fillers to give you the complete facial makeover.
11694	It is sensible to use a property professional (eg valuer or estate agent) to establish the value as, if HMRC successfully challenge the value used in your ATED return, any tax underpayment identified will lead to interest and penalties charges as well.
11695	It is situated in its own grounds which feature lawns behind and at the side, a large gravelled car parking area and a barbeque feature.
11696	It is specifically designed for full-time students/rowers who have been identified by Leander Club.
11697	It is spread through contact with an infected person's blood or body fluids.
11698	It is targeting people living within tenminutes walk time of the key routes, and providing them with thebasic information needed to get the most benefit from their localservices.
11699	It is tempting to assume that none of this will apply where there is no US income.
11700	It is the case that sterling’s depreciation will create inflation through higher import prices.
11701	It is the final section, and it would be nice if it moved up to the top, but it is indicative that recognition of the importance of this area is increasing.
11702	It is the first time scientists have tracked the genetic mutations gathered by induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells as they are grown in the laboratory.
11703	It is their upland cousin, the mountain hare, that’s a true British native, but most of our folklore relates to the brown hare.
11704	It is the latest appointment at Baldwins, based at the Counting House in Dunleavy Drive, since they acquired KTS Owens Thomas last year, where Amanda previously spent ten years as a Senior Manager and an Associate Director.
11705	It is the nature of these assumptions that make this dispute so difficult to resolve.
11706	It is the only food that he never turns his nose up at and the bowl is cleared always.
11707	It is the policy of the Church in Wales that parochial records should be deposited in the local county council archives or in the National Library in Aberystwyth.
11708	It is therefore easier to deliver more individualised training than in some large centres.
11709	It is therefore essential that you ensure that elevation plans are drawn as accurately as possible along with any other accompanying plans.
11710	It is therefore publishing an updated position paper to reflect on some of the key questions that came out of that process, and provide an update on the government’s thinking.
11711	It is the responsibility for both Marketers and the content creators to make clear that something is an advert.
11712	It is the responsibility of the business owners to ensure their delivery and servicing suppliers are made aware of the access times.
11713	It is the responsibility of the contractors to arrange their own health surveillance, but advice may be taken from the University Occupational Health Service.
11714	It is the role of the Council's two Overview and Scrutiny Committees to hold the Council's Cabinet to account.
11715	It is the safest way up.
11716	It is these emissions that are far more harmful to human health and are a significant contributory factor in lung related problems such as lung cancer and also can lead to cardiovascular problems.
11717	It is the third in this series of water efficiency studies focusing on the installation of water-saving devices within domestic properties of Chelmsford, central Essex.
11718	It is this attention to detail that has led the company to winning two national Master Builder of the Year project awards this year.
11719	It is to be presented on Thursday next, the 6th March.
11720	It is two years on but I remember the details like it was yesterday.
11721	It is understood a local guide was also hurt.
11722	It is very good to be with you this morning in this week of prayer for Christian Unity and thank you to Father Simon for the invitation to preach.
11723	It is very important that as an owner, you keep your septic tanks and package sewage treatment systems in good order.
11724	It is very important to us that your visit met your learning objectives.
11725	It is Vinho Verde with a racy minerality and great freshness.
11726	It is vital from a consumer protection perspective that aggressive practices are ruled out and consumers/third parties are not taken advantage of.
11727	It is vital that the UK’s world-class universities can access the resources necessary to remain on top.
11728	It is where we began, and where we excel.
11729	It is where your eye, head and brain combine in the hope that their instincts will save your embarrassment.
11730	It is wise to insure against loss of income in case your property requires work or repairs which render it unsuitable for letting.
11731	It is with great pleasure that we can say that Rhys Garrard from Brownhills has passed his driving test.
11732	It is wonderfully herbaceous and pretty light on the alcohol content.
11733	It is working with Break for the Norfolk Day competition.
11734	It is worth making a claim or is it too much hassle?
11735	It is worth noting that The Royal continued to operate separately from the Derngate Theatre until the successful merger in 1999.
11736	It is wrong to say “sex without consent is rape”
11737	It just didn’t quite work out for me.”
11738	It lacks the sheen and drape of velvet.
11739	It later burned in Hong Kong harbor, as it was fitting out to become a floating university.
11740	It looked like a win was on the cards with a couple of minutes to play as Barum were 21-19 up.
11741	It looks east towards the panorama over the Lynher and, from French doors, a cast-iron external staircase added by Mr Jaggard gives access to an expanse of lawn.
11742	It looks like electric vehicles are set to be the future.
11743	It loses you as much business as it gains.
11744	It made me feel I didn’t want to wake up in the morning.
11745	It made me think about being at the controls of an organisation, and how dangerous coasting and being inattentive can be.
11746	It makes gene sequencing machines, which look at how our DNA is made up.
11747	It makes sense for us to strengthen our relationship, with the common aim of providing a great service.”
11748	It makes them crispy round the edges and they look great on the plate.’
11749	It makes you feel that everything is OK.
11750	It makes you realise just how much of an improvement WaterAid can make – an amazing sight to see!
11751	IT managers can grant cloud administrators access to the management console without allowing the admins to view the underlying passwords in plain-text, enabling organisations to bolster security and enforce password management best practices.
11752	It may also be useful to find out how the council has reached the figure of £25 - is this a figure picked randomly or does it actually represent the cost of running the scheme.
11753	It may also make for a more interesting, historical day out.
11754	It may also mean we cancel an insurance contract we have with you.
11755	It may be a combination of these things.
11756	It may be cold outside but it’s sunny in The Jungle with lots of friendly faces and fun to brighten up a dull January!
11757	It may be helpful to have this timetable on public display, and teacher "tick" their slot when they have actually used the ICT.
11758	It may be possible for the Tribunal to make a decision based on the information you have provided.
11759	'It may be that you can speak another language, that you've raised two children, or that you've won some kind of prize or award.
11760	It may not, however, be used for certain projects such as shops and offices, where the Regulations make requirements for means of escape in the case of fire.
11761	It may not meet your needs, does not mean it's a bad design.
11762	It may or may not provide an accurate map or location on the map.
11763	It may well also possibly be a technique for planning that development of yourself and your loved ones members.
11764	It means a plan to create around 1000 new homes, a school, retail space, sport and recreational areas and sites for businesses – and the new road – will finally come to fruition.
11765	It means change, disruption, probably violence – with all the hopes and fears, depending on your perspective, that would entail.
11766	It means doing everything possible to avoid a dispute in the first place, including the opportunity for consumers to ‘walk’ when services fall short.
11767	"It means police are identifying more victims of modern slavery than ever before, ensuring they get the support they need and exploitation is stopped.
11768	It means that the sad fact that 2000 children die every day due to a lack of access to clean water and sanitation, will become a thing of the past.
11769	It means their 3,844 average gate leaves them in 13th position.
11770	It means they can handle far more clients, and operate as consultants, rather than number crunchers.
11771	It means you have access to some greater truth which the rest of us, the mere mortals who make up the mass of society, are unaware of and probably incapable of understanding.
11772	It meant you couldn’t have people in the room.
11773	It might also be useful to save the link to your favourites or bookmarks.
11774	It might be a bit random to whip out some steamed veg at your desk, but with 10g of protein per serving they're worth the dodgy looks.
11775	It might be help with the bus fares to get to meetings and perhaps job interviews.
11776	It might be that a temporary increased dose of medication may help other aspects of one’s life.
11777	It might be that you are looking for something economical, such as one of the diesel versions we have in our range.
11778	It might seem early for me to be telling you about this, but November this year will see the launch of The Berkshire Music and Arts Festival 2014.
11779	It might seem like a good idea to get out the Windolene, but if you get water or other chemicals inside the machine it might short or the components could be damaged, not to mention the screen itself could be damaged.
11780	It might seem obvious, but make sure you’ve entered your personal details correctly, filled in all the sections and clearly ticked the box confirming your consent.
11781	It might take a bit longer to make each pizza, but trust us: the end result is worth the wait.
11782	It moved onto its latest owner in 1968 before more recently being fully restored to original condition.
11783	It must also be noted that all have had fun along the way!
11784	It must also be remembered that the law is always changing: a decision of the High Court or a new Act of Parliament may make some aspect of the paper incorrect.
11785	It needn't be expensive, and everyone can benefit, including care staff and families.
11786	It needs to be shown that the price of causing misery is very high.”
11787	It needs to honour the leap of faith taken by a quizzical Syrian man who spent nine months in a shelter in Calais counting his fellow people, and believing that nothing is impossible.
11788	It never ceases to amaze me the capacity for children to find hours of fun in something so simple as jumping in a puddle, or playing in a cardboard box.
11789	It notes the dramatically increased rates of in-work poverty and food bank use in Westminster and across the country.
11790	ITN Source is also investigating other ideas of how its archive footage can be incorporated into themed or event-specific apps.
11791	It offered a choice of a tax-free and fixed income of 9.25% a year, or 30% growth over 3 years.
11792	It offers a unique combination of contemporary chic, delicious food, great wine and family hospitality, provided by the Cammidges who have owned the Camelia for three generations.
11793	It offers solutions in the areas of climate, energy, fresh water, oceans and agriculture, but also in areas such as human rights and economic decision making.
11794	It offers superb value thanks to a host of clever technologies that make every drive easy and fun, and which help look after you and your passengers.
11795	It offers support, loans and business start-up training to those who have a business idea.
11796	"I told him he's trying to give our plays away," Roethlisberger said.
11797	It only happens if you agree to it and only includes the services that will benefit your family.
11798	It only makes sense to kick things off with your best customers—after all, they’re already your biggest fans.
11799	It only takes a few minutes to hone in on these locations for the sake of your local online advertising success.
11800	I took a moment and figured it out; I was safe!
11801	I took a whole backpack of them to Kenya because I wasn’t sure what I would be able to eat out there.
11802	I took this photo in the paddock on Saturday afternoon.
11803	I took time out to study at Ecole Supérieure des Beaux Arts in Marseille and it was during my time in Marseille that focusing on the ordinary became extraordinary.
11804	It opened in September 1825, and George Stephenson’s revolutionary ‘Locomotion 1’ pulled the train.
11805	It operates more than 20 vessels which carry 8.4 million passengers and 2.3 million freight units annually.
11806	I totally agree that it probably costs less than having to find my way to a shop on the way home from work.
11807	It planned a protest in the town in Greater Manchester on Thursday of this week.
11808	It possesses the longest series of temperature and rainfall records for one site in Britain.
11809	It praised the introduction of an electronic baby tagging system although further work was required to ensure all visitors were monitored.
11810	It prepares you to take the next step in your professional development and lead change and innovation in the LIS sector.
11811	It prevents people from driving and working, it may restrict social interaction, cause isolation, and remove a person’s independence.
11812	It prides itself on the provision of high level customer service to all clients, large or small, commercial or domestic and their competitive pricing strategy within the market.
11813	It primarily interfaced with door and window screens with no significant difficulty and Velfax windows or curtain walling on the external walls – again with no significant problems.
11814	“It promises to be a great three days of motocross which will compliment the changes we’ve made to the Maxxis ACU British Motocross Championship for next year.”
11815	It provides a research platform for zero emission transport and offers a new area of student engagement and student project possibilities.
11816	It provides a roadmap for finding your defining purpose, honing it into a story that transforms your customers into advocates and becoming an unstoppable force with the power to change the world.
11817	It provides a short distance from the wall to mounted speaker and capacity to 5kg.
11818	I trained as a Chemist (BSc in Chemistry, MSc in Advanced Analytical Chemistry and PhD from the University of Bristol) and worked in postdoctoral research there for a year before joining Bristol Polytechnic in 1984.
11819	I travel over 200 miles round trip and just cannot face it.
11820	It really contributes to the flavor!
11821	It really gave us the edge on other UK institutions as none of our UK competitors did anything similar, and the buzz around the Olympic Games really made it memorable."
11822	It really is totally waterproof but amazingly it is removed with a water soaked pad.”
11823	It really made a difference to us knowing you were looking after Mum, and also you looked after us and for that we will always be grateful.
11824	It receives special funding directly from HEFCE for its national mission to support and promote research in the humanities and social sciences; the only institution in the UK to receive national funding for this purpose.
11825	“It recognises the success of this brand-new community of much-needed new homes.
11826	It remains unclear how these deaths might impact on future suicide rates.
11827	It requires large numbers of participants, and the technology is often moving so fast that it's tough for researchers to catch up.
11828	It revealed the measures include Sussex Police and drug sniffer dogs will now being present at every fixture, in addition random bag searches will continue, the ‘four-pint limit’ will be actioned and hydration stations installed at every bar.
11829	I tried all the twists that are shown in the manual and it just didn't make me feel like it was a unique and mind-blowing sensation.
11830	I tried the lesson below and found that my students manage quite well without me!
11831	I tried to get a placement in her lab in the summer but couldn't.
11832	It runs until late May in the museum’s Wytham Room.
11833	Its 167 ppi resolution and 4 weeks (on average) battery life make it a great purchase for first time Kindle owners.
11834	It's 25 years since the electrics in the property were looked at.
11835	It’s 26 years since Honey I Shrunk the Kids – Find out where the cast are now…
11836	Its 7kg drum capacity and choice of 16 programmes suit any household and, with an A+ Energy Rating, it saves you water, time and money.
11837	“It’s 88 per cent raw English honey, 12 per cent ginger root,” Sam continues.
11838	It’s a 2.5 mile walk from the station to the reserve, so bring buggies, scooters, or even bikes for the kids.
11839	It's a 6700mAh power bank that holds its charge incredibly well.
11840	It’s about a company whose shareholders have gotten so greedy that they no longer want to pay their hardworking staff above the bare minimum.”
11841	"It's about an immediate customer experience, getting that winning experience straight away," says Finbarr Joy, CTO of William Hill, the betting and gaming business.
11842	It’s about managing intake.
11843	It’s a busy job that involves a lot of different tasks from writing job descriptions to finding training opportunities and developing volunteer programmes.
11844	It's a chance to do something a little bit different and meet people than you wouldn’t normally meet in your everyday home and work life.
11845	It’s a constant reach for perfection every night and a very interesting discipline, then still within that keeping the joy and feeling of the whole thing.
11846	“It’s a cornerstone of the game, always has been.
11847	Its activities have often non-Russian government targets.
11848	“It’s actually a great time to celebrate diversity in the workplace, by encouraging people to get behind their home team.
11849	It’s actually two cases: one to protect your phone when you don’t need to carry the extra battery; and the other being a more standard battery back case, here called the Power Sleeve.
11850	“It’s a difficult time because you have to shuffle things around.”
11851	It’s a good idea to include some really big stems (cut with a fine saw), even though they’re no use to the bees; they speed up the assembly stage, look attractive and help shelter lacewings and ladybirds over winter.
11852	It's a government scheme aimed to help first time buyers who have at least a 5% deposit to purchase a new build property in the UK (although similar schemes are available in Scotland and Wales).
11853	It’s a great opportunity for me to learn from some of the most alive minds and, on a very simple level, the welcome I’ve received from students, lecturers, alumni and University leadership has been like fuel for my spirit.”
11854	It’s a great way to discover the city by following your stomach – you can take an Ale Trail around the centre, try cookery classes led by the city’s top chefs, or simply take advantage of the street food that will be lining the handsome lanes.
11855	It’s a hugely competitive market and shopping around to ensure you find the right provider can take up valuable time.
11856	It said that given the principle of open justice, the fact that an individual is a suspect in a murder inquiry is not information over which they have a claim of privacy.
11857	It said that the complainant was the sole director of her hair extension company, which made her morally responsible for the charges for which the company had been convicted.
11858	It’s a leg, glute and core strengthener that’s great for your balance.
11859	It's all about building a connected community - collectively we can do great things.
11860	It’s all about coming in, getting a few drinks down your neck and conversing with decent people – table football is the one exception.
11861	It’s all very confusing and we just hope Meghan has people on hand to decode it for her.
11862	It's almost tempting to conclude that shouldn't be followed too closely here and head east from to the South Loch Earn Road, then head south down Glen Vorlich.
11863	It’s a lovely award to be nominated for, and I feel very proud of the category I’m nominated in.
11864	It's also great fun!
11865	“It’s also widely known that people don’t like waiting to charge their vehicles, preferring to charge when doing something else, such as working or sleeping.”
11866	It's also worth considering a back-up battery in case of power cuts.
11867	It’s also worth noting that she also paid her employee Sascha to plant evidence framing her husband Vince at the scene of the murders.
11868	It’s also worth noting that the initial request sparking the Commission’s authorisation process came from a UK dairy company.
11869	It’s always been a bit on and off, I was inconsistent and I was pulled in last minute, and in the Euros I got more game time.
11870	It’s always been available with quattro four-wheel drive, meaning there are used models from as little as £1500.
11871	“It’s always great to be able to welcome him back into the Notts fold, so we’re delighted to have him for the three games,” said Assistant Head Coach Paul Franks.
11872	It’s always worth optimising your ability on this platform before considering a premium option.
11873	It’s amazing how dedicated they are to it.”
11874	It’s a momentous occasion, partly because for the first time in our history all members have been invited to attend themselves.
11875	It's amongst nature hidden from the hotel and very tranquil.
11876	It's a moving and uplifting read.
11877	It's an established fact that when decisions are taken closer to the people that they affect then you get better decisions.
11878	It's a nightmare, they want me to live here and pay rent.
11879	It’s an objection I’ve heard a number of times.
11880	Its an open enough race although his stable mate Saphir De Rheu is the one to beat if he gets a clear round.
11881	It’s another key differentiator for us and the COA that we derive from PR is ultra-low.
11882	It's apparently got a anti-fingerprint coating, but even trying to get those smudges off the screen is difficult without a screen cleaning spray.
11883	“It’s a privilege to have been appointed as vice-Chair alongside Ania.
11884	It’s a product that can be used between washes to soak up excess oil and freshen up your hair a little.
11885	It’s a proven technology but is only emerging now.
11886	It’s a quality.
11887	It’s a quick walk through the gardens to Bavaro Beach, where you can bury your toes into sugar-white sand, or snorkel in the balmy Caribbean Sea.
11888	It's a relative term. You see, the traditional gentle spread against the Bank of England base rate (which is at 0.5 per cent) has quickly mutated into a gulf.
11889	“It’s a set menu and I’ve said I’ll do 100 people so, as it’s a six-course menu, I’ve got to do 600 plates of food in a kitchen I’ve never worked in before with a team that I’ve never worked with before.
11890	It’s a shame, but then anything worth having is worth working for.
11891	It's a simple way to support our work and keep up to date with our news.
11892	It's a team effort and we need more of them.
11893	It’s at Edinburgh’s Usher Hall on December 8 and York Barbican on December 15. Edinburgh is just over 1 hour 30 on the train from Newcastle while you can be at York station in 50 minutes by rail.
11894	It’s available in 2 lengths; L1 which has a usable volume of up to 3.7m3 and L2 which has volume up to 4.1m3.
11895	It’s a very spiritual country.
11896	It’s a way of dressing.
11897	It's a whole team effort and I am so privileged to be in the position to ride these horses.
11898	It says it has not written to OTM, but has written to a number of agencies individually seeking more information.
11899	It says the move follows the bad publicity surrounding social media.
11900	"It's basically as a result of this development and its energised by cold air coming out of the arctic."
11901	It’s been 4 days my Instagram doesn’t let me do anything as it log off automatically every 5 minutes and ask me to change password again and again because (it says) “To secure your account we have reset your password.
11902	It’s been 5 days now.
11903	It's been a big year for Churchill Retirement Living.
11904	It’s been a big year for live animals on stage, with goats and dogs making stellar appearances.
11905	It’s been a few more weeks since the last lot of notes, so apologies for this but until we find someone full time that can do a regular job, it will continue to be this way!
11906	It’s been a great few weeks.”
11907	"It's been a great opportunity for them to chat, tell the young people about their experiences and to help us all understand an individual's life story.
11908	It's been a month since I ordered Origin Broadband and I still haven't even received an installation date.
11909	It's been a year of change for solicitors and compliance departments needing to get to grips with new money laundering regulations and the Criminal Finances Act.
11910	“It’s been encouraging to see so many women around the world supporting each other, amplifying each others’ voices, and acknowledging how traumatic speaking about sexual harassment and abuse can be.
11911	It’s been fantastic for reaching new families and supporters.
11912	It’s been great fun playing with them.
11913	It’s been really well received and people appreciate the investment that you’re making in the brand and it’s sort of really, it helps speed up the growth of the brand but also the perception of the brand.
11914	It’s been reported that tens of thousands of children will start school at 10am in a ground-breaking new four-year experiment by Oxford University to see if later classes can improve exam results.
11915	It’s been very emotional.’
11916	It's believed thieves stole the truck that was carrying the legally fished sharks.
11917	It’s breathless balance of accessible story, complex idea and rich theatricality has won awards around the world.
11918	It's brilliantly packaged and offers more bootspace than both, as well as a hugely practical interior and enough room for five.
11919	It’s by cultivating and blending the sheer variety of qualities they all bring to BDO, that we’re able to provide a uniquely tailored service to a huge range of clients.
11920	Its chair is a close associate of the former Freedom Party presidential candidate Norbert Hofer, who lost the election in 2016 and is now transport minister.
11921	It's common for people with dementia to experience incontinence.
11922	Its conclusions included the recommendation that “an appropriately trained psychologist should be a core member of each cleft team”.
11923	It’s controlled by an operator who, essentially, twiddles a set of joysticks to make the Quantum MKIII lift, grab, or weld pipes at a depth rating of up to 3000m.
11924	It’s coupled with 16GB of 2400MHz DDR4 RAM – a little faster than the base 2133MHz stuff found in lower-end systems and comes with a 250GB Samsung SSD backed by a 1TB Seagate hard drive.
11925	Its creamy-white stripe above the eye, and rusty-red flank patches and underwings make it distinctive.
11926	It's designed to cook or defrost at the touch of a button.
11927	It's difficult to move along those already sitting at the bar, but the entertainment is about to begin, and the action takes place at the far end.
11928	Its distinctive approach is proven to deliver results for individuals and businesses alike.
11929	It's easy to find a place to sit by the pool or in the theater.
11930	It's easy to install.
11931	It's easy to use as well, with big buttons and a clear display.
11932	It seems impossible!
11933	It seems like common sense to me – lighter on your wallet, lighter on your shoulder, but harder on the clay!
11934	It seems like the bug has been well and truly caught.
11935	It seems like they are very busy at the moment over at Google HQ with multiple changes being implemented over.
11936	It seems that for them,…
11937	It seems the only people not too fussed were the Japanese themselves.
11938	It seems to appear in every review of every Audi except the R8!
11939	It seems to me that the modern kitchen is becoming more of a hangout location for families that are far too often engrossed in their own worlds.
11940	It seems to me that the question isn’t about how much money we have, but how we use it.
11941	Its elaborate stone facades look out over the grand plaza, medieval walls, museums, cafes and shops of the old town.
11942	Its emergency department was named as a top performer nationally against the four-hour accident and emergency waiting time standard in 2015/16, which shows it is seeing and treating people efficiently.”
11943	Its engines are impressively economical but it can’t quite match those offered by Mercedes and BMW rivals in terms of outright efficiency.
11944	It’s enough to ruin any day at the Scottish seaside.
11945	It’s “E” of course.
11946	It serves a multitude of flavours, from mint choc chip to mango sorbet and Turkish delight.
11947	It sets out the processes and procedures to follow to deliver the requirements of the Act.
11948	It sets out the strategic direction for biodiversity policy for the next decade on land (including rivers and lakes) and at sea, building on the successful work that has gone before, but also seeking to deliver a real step change.
11949	It sets out what is expected of members under a series of key headings.
11950	It sets up a "Forum for Exchange of Information on Enforcement", which will coordinate harmonised enforcement projects and joint inspections.
11951	It's even more important that the number of regular donors with these blood groups increases.
11952	It's everything you need to ensure play time is slippery and your toys are clean and easy to store.
11953	Its failure was partially due to the small industrial base the IS had compared to the Communist Party.
11954	It’s fair to say the Isle of Wight is small, but perfectly formed.
11955	It’s fair to say the vast majority would struggle to get a local write-up, let alone national media coverage.
11956	Its fans like excellent pictures of products And also ecommerce stores can publish high quality photos of high resolution of their items to utilize the power of aesthetic web content system.
11957	It’s filled to the brim with the best entertainment, stalls, food & drink and a whole load of surprises to keep you entertained between sets.
11958	Its Flexaccount is pretty ordinary — it pays no interest and has average overdraft charges — but you can qualify for free travel insurance and overseas cash withdrawals if you meet its various terms and conditions.
11959	It’s food you’ll love, and your friends and family will think you’re ace!
11960	Its founders, The Shakers of New England, believed everything in a house should have a function and that decoration was unnecessary.
11961	It’s free to list and takes just two minutes.
11962	It’s free to sign up and takes only a few minutes.
11963	Its friendly and knowledgeable staff will give you all the help you need to get on the road.
11964	"It’s good to see mental health finally getting the attention and profile that it deserves and this report has rightly focused on the input of people who have been directly affected by the Act."
11965	It’s got elements of adornment.
11966	‘It’s got to work for everyone.’
11967	"It's great for him to compete against these guys and he wants to become a pro scooter rider – it's his dream.
11968	It's great for partners and couples that want to venture into the world of BDSM.
11969	It’s great to be able to give young people the skills they need to start out on a career in engineering but it’s also very satisfying to know we are providing the company with the highly-skilled, well-trained workforce it needs for the future.”
11970	“It’s great to be around those players, as you pick up lots of small things to improve your own game,” Luff added.
11971	It's great to have something to do with young children locally that is teaching and developing them through the fantastic people who run the sessions."
11972	"It's great to know that I'll be there for another 12 months doing what I love doing and being with my friends," she revealed.
11973	It’s great to only pay for what you use,” she says.
11974	It’s great to see that the dedicated work they’ve put in has once again produced champions,” said Adcote gymnastics coach Lisa Nixson.
11975	It’s had its quirks, but now I’m not sure I could ever go back.
11976	It shall be an offence for any person to carry on a business of selling animals as pets in any part of a street or public place or at a stall or barrow in a market.
11977	It shall set professional standards and qualifications for those working in the sector that emphasise these responsibilities and by providing support and information services to the sector and beyond.
11978	It’s hardly a surprise the Golf Alltrack should make a great tow car: after all, it shares many attributes with the closely related Skoda Octavia Estate Scout.
11979	Its hard work but this is what we are here to do, so no complaints.
11980	It’s helped her socially and emotionally and it’s lovely knowing she’s in safe hands.
11981	Its high-grade construction makes this adorable creation withstand the test of time and adds a calming feel in your living area with its flawless white finish.
11982	Its high number of gears enables the engine to operate close to the ideal load point very often.
11983	It's hosted by blind author Red Szell and produced by Robert Kirkwood.
11984	It should be noted that the Schedule focuses on managing content and not the format in which the record is held, for example, how long we keep an email will be dictated by its content rather than the fact it is an email.
11985	It should be used as part of all staff inductions, including volunteers, to ensure that basic information about safeguarding children in Cheshire West and Chester is relayed to the practitioner at the earliest opportunity.
11986	It showcases some of our incredible railway models and related objects, many of which have not been seen for decades.
11987	It shows examples of terrorist-related suspicious activity and behaviour, as well as attack planning methodology.
11988	It shows that from 1947, as a deep-cover ‘illegal’ Soviet intelligence officer, Fisher was running a major spy network in the United States.
11989	It’s illegal for a person in a position of trust (like a teacher or youth worker) to have sex with someone under 18 who is their responsibility.
11990	It's important to adjust a Border Collies calorie intake so it not only suits their age, but the amount of daily exercise they are given too.
11991	It’s important to ensure that your online assets are used to create the kind of social identity your customers can relate to.
11992	It’s important to find out how old the boiler is and how regularly it’s been serviced.
11993	It’s important to give the crawler access to all website resources so that Google Tools can ensure that all elements are optimised for mobile browsers.
11994	It’s important to remember that legally all employers must make reasonable changes for you.
11995	It’s important to stop harmful germs that might be present in floodwater from spreading to food.
11996	It’s in a great location & minutes walking distance to the beach & to a wide range of lovely bars & restaurants r…
11997	It’s in moffatt Manor Caravan park.
11998	It’s inspiring – and fun.
11999	"It’s inspiring to think of the impact these projects may have not only in the near future but also in years to come.”
12000	It’s interesting and depressing in equal measure that it comes down to agreement between Sinn Fein and the DUP.
12001	It's interesting that following the link to "how to file tax returns" and look at point 4, it takes you to the VAT filing example - which is virtually identical to the information that we file now and nowhere near as involved as MTD.
12002	It's is a minefield!
12003	It sits at the point where the Senni river joins the river Usk.
12004	It's just an excuse to create yet another quango stuffed full of highly paid suits with made-up job descriptions.
12005	Its justification may be that a failure to make the change could impact on service levels, thereby having a detrimental impact on service users.
12006	It's just so inconvenient when readers have longer memories than the reporters and editors putting papers and websites together - especially when it interferes with our national sport of Build 'em up; knock 'em down.
12007	"It's just unbelievable the support.
12008	IT’S KINDA old-fashioned looking, but also modern.”
12009	It's largely inaccessible, hidden behind a variety of membranes and other structures.
12010	It's like being home from home and the owners are very friendly.
12011	It’s likely this could have a bigger impact on competitiveness than tariffs, especially for small companies.
12012	It's like taking part in a very low risk version of the movie Speed.
12013	“It’s like the frog in hot water.
12014	Its long, curved handle provides a comfortable, ergonomic grip, for easier lifting and pouring.
12015	It’s lovely value enough for me.
12016	Its mainly about his numerous attempts,and record breaking run, on the sub three day PW and coast to coast record attempt.
12017	It’s mainly to catch people’s attentions.
12018	Its many control panels- – for example, CSS Designer – allow you to manipulate settings that affect the code and what you see in the Design and Live views.
12019	It's means tested if the applicant is over 18 years old.
12020	“It’s me, Vic Barlow, from number 12.”
12021	It’s more about choosing the people you feel a connection with and whose opinions matter to you.
12022	It’s more a thing of trying to teach drummers taste, rather than how to be the fastest drummer in the world.
12023	It’s more corporate than its predecessor – as befits a company that’s no longer a start-up – but the way the slants on the ends of the top and middle bar of the E connect in negative space is rather appealing.
12024	It's more likely the pair were discussing movies as the model is set to make her acting debut next year in the fifth A Good Day to Die Hard.
12025	It’s my passion.
12026	It’s never a good idea to get caught up in a game of ‘she said this’, ‘he said that’ during a work conflict as it can sour the working relationship you once had.
12027	It's normal for families to argue sometimes.
12028	It’s no secret how much we love local sport at Bowker Motor Group.
12029	It's not acceptable for a partner to gamble money for bills and the family.
12030	It’s not a job most of us would even want.
12031	It’s not Dior or Valentino.
12032	It’s not easy to keep children amused during the Easter holidays, particularly when outings and activities seem so expensive.
12033	It’s not good, for anyone, so flip it and start upping your positivity quotient.
12034	It’s not greasy or sticky like some lip balms can be, and instantly soothes the lips.
12035	It’s not just about designing a dress; it’s about thinking, “How is that dress going to be worn?
12036	It’s not just about keeping up with recent developments, though.
12037	It’s not so easy to have an off day when you’re a freelancer.
12038	It's not the most expensive Fantasy Bra yet though; in 2005, Gisele modelled one worth $12.5 million, thanks to a 101-Carat diamond that hung from the centre.
12039	It's now also available in a cream blush stick, an illuminator and a lip-gloss.
12040	It’s now clear that Occupy’s claim to represent “the 99 per cent” was hyperbolic claptrap.
12041	It’s now eight from eight under the Irishman.
12042	It's now got 12 apprenticeships up for grabs, working as a Claims Handler.
12043	It’s now one year on from Storm Desmond, the first of the storms that brought heavy bands of rain and caused significant flooding last winter.
12044	“It’s obviously written in his destiny that he doesn’t finish as part of a team that got relegated, it is to be seen if that is to be being part of a team that gets promoted and I know he will be hell bent on achieving that.
12045	Its obvious that non technical people will not understand the cost of charging phones.
12046	It's official, party season is finally upon us!
12047	It’s okay to have a piece of cake here and there, or go out for pizza with your friends one weekend.
12048	Its old gravestones were moved to Abbots Garden where they remain.
12049	It’s one way to give them the best start in life and help them to get established.
12050	It’s only been taken down twice as a world record so it’s hard.
12051	It sounds just like the Tory Back Benches.
12052	It sounds obvious, but the key point to remember is the property isn't yours.
12053	“It’s our job as researchers to make sure that trials are relevant to patients, and successful in improving people’s lives with dementia.”
12054	“It’s our obligation and mandate to ensure the passage of this legislation because of the urgency of the issue for many women in our society.”
12055	It so you will need the widest available aperture to make the most of available light.
12056	It's particularly important to use emollients during and after washing.
12057	“It’s part of the reason why we started this campaign.
12058	It’s preferable for settlement to happen before court action starts because at this point the costs start to grow.
12059	It’s probably your main source of income.
12060	Its protection is further enhanced by the Countryside and Rights of Way Act, 2000 (CRoW2000).
12061	Its p*ssed me right off and i know in the long run its for the best if he walks away from louise.
12062	Its purpose is to inform the Works…
12063	It’s quick, safe and free for those most at risk from the flu virus.
12064	It’s quiet, too, with only a bit of a tyre noise interrupting the calm inside.
12065	It’s really cool being able to show up somewhere at 8 and then leave and not have to think about work…that's why this is happening.
12066	It’s really important to be clear about this point, as before exchange of contracts, either party can walk away from the transaction at any time, without penalty.
12067	It’s really important to keep our kitchen looking fresh and stylish.
12068	Its replicability and claimed effectiveness in a different context had not been tested.
12069	It’s Scott’s collection in its entirety and contains chapbooks he collected as a child, poems he composed for his first love, lecture notes, manuscripts and much, much more.
12070	It’s shooting themselves in the foot.
12071	Its side effects are similar to those of hydroxycarbamide.
12072	Its simple structure makes it a good choice for those who want to get straight on with the job without any fuss.
12073	It’s slimmer than a Mophie but with a large battery capacity – 3,200mAh, which is just under the top Mophie’s 3,300mAh but above the less expensive Mophie battery cases.
12074	It's soft and smooth- I won't go a day without it!
12075	“It’s something I also enjoy but, of course, it’s the football that matters most to me and where my main focus is.
12076	It’s so nice to have a decent service and actual communication with friendly people, instead of being ignored and grunted at!
12077	Its special character has made it one of the most visited places in the South East of Ireland for many decades.
12078	Its striking two-tone looks certainly aren’t Apple-esque, and if anything in the UK it looks a little too close to an EE branded phone (it definitely isn’t).
12079	It’s such a fast–moving and fast–changing business that you really have to be on your toes to stay abreast of what’s going on.
12080	It’s such a stressful time.
12081	Its summit is indicated by a square concrete platform on the ground where a trig. point once stood.
12082	It's super easy to put on by yourself and to adjust, simply pull through the rings to tighten, with no tying or fiddly buckles.
12083	It's surprising how comfortable you can feel at home here in a short space of time."
12084	Its suspension offered a comfortable-enough ride and the handling seemed safe and predictable, but the steering was slightly wayward, regularly requiring minor corrections.
12085	It's taken every day to stop your symptoms occurring.
12086	It stands on a well-orientated plot, having car parking for up to three cars to the front and a well laid-out low maintenance rear garden that benefits from a lovely westerly aspect.
12087	It stands on the second floor as a beautiful reminder of the support the Friends have given to the Museum through the last 60 years and which they aim to continue giving in the years to come.
12088	It stands over 6.5m high, and weighs c.7.6 tons, of sandstone probably brought from the coast near Covesea.
12089	It started with the unicorn concept of the Google offices – many who had visited the original headquarters in Menlo Park, California wrote of slides into the foyer and ‘treadmill desks’.
12090	It starts at £40,430, so it’s almost exactly on a par with the Volvo, except in this case it’s not.
12091	“It stated that Apple Barn had an enclosed garden which is not true.
12092	It states if ‘the parent knows that his/her child is failing to attend regularly at school without reasonable justification to cause him to do so, he/she is guilty of an offence’.
12093	It’s tempting to keep talking at them to fill the space – try not to.
12094	It’s that indefinable thing swing.
12095	It’s the cycle of sport.
12096	It’s the difference between a poster we drive by in the street and a page in Country Life we peruse while sitting in a waiting room at the doctor’s office.
12097	It’s the heart and soul of New Zealand.”
12098	It’s the ideal way to glean real insight into the industry and ensure that you are work-ready.
12099	It’s the ID tactic – ‘teach the controversy’.
12100	It’s the means by which Islamist terror can appeal for ‘western help’.
12101	It’s the Nelson Mandela centenary year.
12102	It’s the perfect men’s accessory where your fiancée can keep his own to-do list, notes and anything else he wants written down.
12103	Its the same dimensions as the Zanussi which it replaced but seems so much bigger inside, especially the door shelves (balconies) which can easily many more small jars and they can also hold large containers of orange juice and milk.
12104	It’s the same with classroom students.
12105	It’s the second day of Chester’s Boodles May Festival and I’m delighted to be taking part having spent Wednesday riding in France.
12106	It’s the very best time to be alive, when everything you thought you knew is wrong’ – how liberating it would be to believe that!
12107	It’s the very same workers who choose to work independently who report the greatest job satisfaction, and the workers who use self-employment as a primary source of income in particular.
12108	It's those things, that should convince you to get involved in what we do.
12109	It’s time to give something back, and Tim is looking forward to helping ‘Something To Look Forward To’ succeed in making a difference.
12110	"It’s time to recognise the global body of evidence which tells us that people who are more socially connected to family, friends, or their community are happier, physically healthier and live longer with fewer mental health problems.
12111	It’s time to see how much you could save on your car insurance.
12112	• Its trains also operates over the Network Rail line from Grosmont to Whitby.
12113	It stretches from the reign of Henry III to the establishment of the Irish Free State.
12114	It struck a chord personally (my Father suffered dementia for over 5 years before he died a couple of years ago) and professionally (I work for a local Age UK and so I’m involved in developing services for people affected by dementia).
12115	It's true in Game of Thrones and it's true in Aberdeen: Winter is coming!
12116	It's true isn't it?
12117	It stuttered a bit this morning so I hope it's not the start of things to come!
12118	It surrounds the first part of the tube (urethra) that carries urine from the bladder along the penis.
12119	It’s usually pretty dry, as well – most of Malta’s rain falls in the winter months.
12120	It's very hard to imagine a scene like this.
12121	It’s very important that you remember this because they can’t be trusted.
12122	Its website calls it ‘a collision of perspectives, art forms and unusual collaborations’.
12123	It’s where curiosity is channelled, independence is formed and effort is celebrated.
12124	It’s where we discern our calling, our significant place in the world and how we can contribute.
12125	It’s wonderful to have a bank holiday weekend with superb weather for a change.
12126	It’s worth mentioning that The Albion is renowned for its superb choice of real ales, ciders and keg beers from across the UK.
12127	It's worth opting to pay by Direct Debit where possible, as this again could result in a discount on your bills, whilst making payment easier for you too.
12128	It's worth paying a little more for SE trim over the entry-level specification for the extra equipment, such as a leather interior.
12129	It's worth pursuing the planning application again if you are knocked back.
12130	It’s worth saying a bit more about navigation and calls to action here.
12131	It takes corners well too, with the steering feeling suitably meaty for such a big car and the body not rolling much around corners.
12132	It takes courage to exhibit your produce, but it's a lot of fun.
12133	It takes roughly an hour to fly between the two cities.
12134	It takes too long.
12135	It takes your hustle, your sleepless nights, your eureka moments, and your epic failures.
12136	It tells you how to take steps to increase your safety when using the internet.
12137	It then develops and examines the theatrical event and resultant collective tension of an audience.
12138	It then looks at the various levels of analysis open to the linguist starting with the sound of languages and how these are combined, moving on to words and sentences and then examining the construction of meaning.
12139	It therefore makes good business sense.
12140	It therefore makes it much easier to just put your cherubs in to the trolley and carry on shopping.
12141	It took 50 percent an hour or so for me to guide on the customer care agent what precisely I demanded.
12142	It took a lot of shots to bring down my first bird but when it came down and I heard my family shouting, “Well done, Miss,” it felt amazing.
12143	It took someone else to point out to me that there are recurring themes of voyaging and displacement in all my books which reminded that person of Joseph Conrad (although I would never begin to compare myself to an author of his calibre!
12144	“It took us two weeks to overhaul the garden, and when we’d finished, we held an opening ceremony which was attended by the mayor and some press.
12145	It treads a line between aggressiveness – which means focusing on ‘winning’, no matter the cost – and passiveness, which means going along with what others want.
12146	It turns out the banks, those lovely awesome banks – whom, sustained by taxes and are very possibly the reason everyone is experiencing really high inflation at the moment and are therefore unable to save – are rationing mortgages even further.
12147	Ituarte-Lima, C., McDermott, C.L. and Mulyani, M. (2014) Assessing equity in national legal frameworks for REDD+: The case of Indonesia.
12148	It used to be three separate rooms – utility, kitchen and living areas, with a fireplace in the partition wall between the culinary and the living zones.
12149	It usually feels like an ache, tension or stiffness in your back.
12150	It usually meets twice a year in Cardiff.
12151	It was 90 years ago, in June 1927, that the Hertfordshire east branch of the charity opened.
12152	“It was a big thing for everyone with all the razzmatazz and everyone was really up for it.
12153	It was a breath of fresh air compared to the experience we had the next day with the other solicitor."
12154	“It was a brilliant strike, but having said that we missed so many chances and could have been talking about a 6-3 victory rather than two points dropped” he added ruefully.
12155	It was a complete joy from start to finish.
12156	It was a cross from Daniel Leadbitter that picked out the striker, who was able to meet the ball with a thunderous header that forced Mark Oxley into making a reaction save.
12157	It was a dominant display from start to finish from the Brits as they defeated Ireland 6-1 and China 7-0.
12158	“It was a fantastic experience and certainly had its challenges over the seven days.
12159	It was a friendly society not a political organisation: Before national sick pay and old age pension schemes, many working people formed their own groups to supply cover for illness and old age.
12160	It was after a particularly difficult Christmas, which I spent avoiding members of my family and being huddled in a corner as much as possible, that my mum encouraged me to go to the doctor about how I was feeling.
12161	It was a great opportunity to stimulate new approaches to using community shares as a funding mechanism for community projects wanting to develop into sustainable businesses.
12162	It was agreed that an Action Log be considered as part of the Panel’s meetings from the April 2017 meeting onwards.
12163	It was agreed that the Clerk would notify the residents of The Braes regarding the planning application received for 24, Telegraph Hill as this development would overlook the existing properties in the road.
12164	"It was a hard way to run the pace because we were set for the world record pace at the beginning.
12165	It was all down to 50% tapwater, 50% apple juice, a pair of plimsolls, ex-army, navy-blue no-form shorts and a 10-mile run around town.
12166	It was a lovely cottage and we would definitely return and recommend to others!
12167	It was also commissioned to look into the condition of the rail line to support the Castleton extension of the East railway’s heritage line from Heywood into Castleton.
12168	It was also enough for them to sneak out of the relegation zone, due to defeats for fellow strugglers Forest Green Rovers and Barnet, at promotion-chasing Lincoln and Exeter respectively.
12169	It was also good to see so many of the 1st team show up to support the lads after their match was postponed, a good demonstration of the overall team spirit at the club.
12170	It was also known as St. Patrick's Terrace (R.B. 2.7.1885).
12171	It was also name of Billy Idol’s band, for those who either remember the 70s or now think it far enough back in history to be considered retro.
12172	It was also on this site that the couture House new headquarter will be established.
12173	It was also the first place in the country to recruit and train women police officers.
12174	It was also the home for Taimour al-Abdaly who blew himself up in central Stockholm in 2010.
12175	It was always a pleasure to contact him and nothing was too much trouble.
12176	It was always likely to be a clash between the two.
12177	“It was a massive coincidence that both of our new hires have transport experience- but I hope that they both set the wheels in motion in regards to helping me grow the company.”
12178	It was an air hostess.
12179	It was a new dimension in mental health support- one I haven’t experienced before”.
12180	It was a panel made up of headteachers, local authority and GTCS staff.
12181	It was a powerful day of testimony with lots of questions raised over how the fire and its aftermath were handled.
12182	It was a quick and easy solution to starting a business and would give us a good introduction.
12183	It was a really good experience.
12184	It was a really good performance from the whole team.”
12185	“It was a real team effort with everyone doing their job and getting us back into winning ways.
12186	It was a relatively subdued start to the second half amid a couple of substitutions but Messi brought the match back to life in the 58th minute.
12187	It was argued that if the signs of critical ischaemia had been identified, the below the knee amputation which our client required about a month later would have been avoided.
12188	It was armed with four 12-pounder Quick Firing guns and, between 1903 and 1908, the battery was modified to take a further two.
12189	It was a sad time but I was a single mum with two children and I needed to provide more for my family.
12190	It was a six-span, hump-backed bridge that carried the road over the River Dee.
12191	It was a step into the unknown.
12192	It was at Twickenham 12 months ago that a second half fight back in the quarter-finals earned Scotland their first ever victory over the All Blacks, who currently sit in third on the World Series standings.
12193	It was a very exciting opportunity to make people aware of our amazing insurance products.
12194	It was a very poor decision by McCord who elected to shoot instead of cross the ball.
12195	It was a year and a month later that the headline about the 30 per cent drop ran.
12196	It was better than the pictures and Ian was one of the best landlords we have had.
12197	It was certainly not built for the 40-foot trailers that rumble through guided no doubt by malevolent SatNavs.
12198	It was certainly right for Changing Lives and we’ve since gone on to run similar types of workshops with other clients.
12199	It was clarified that the data in the report was based on last year’s statistics and that further data would not be available until next month.
12200	It was commented that the strategy should have a focus on prevention and early intervention, particularly in regard to mental health issues.
12201	It was conceived last year, when conservation group Hackney Historic Buildings enlisted volunteers to research and gather stories to build up a picture of Lower Clapton life over the past century.
12202	It was constructed during the Imperial period and is marked on the Ordnance Survey map of 1886.
12203	“It was crazy attractive!”
12204	It was developed specifically to be used by women who are finding it hard to get back into shape after their pregnancies.
12205	It was dogs’ day at Campions, Croxley Green, on Saturday – probably better described as the canine version of “It’s a Knockout”.
12206	It was Dr King's rhetorical benchmark 'I Have a Dream' speech that captured the sentiment and power of the day.
12207	It was dubbed the Cockney cup final and we lost 2-1.
12208	It was embarrassing of course, but there was no other way through.
12209	It was encrusted with grime, but has been cleaned and the carvings in the natural wood now show clearly.
12210	It was explained that Action for Children always demonstrated what they did and showed how it worked.
12211	“It was fantastic to attend the Bootcamp Day back in February where we could work in a real life dynamic business environment.
12212	“It was fetishising something that was so close to you and so far away.”
12213	It was finally brought to Crich in 1975, where it was formally launched on 21 June with the aid of a bottle of Newcastle Brown, which was broken on its bumpers, to the accompaniment of the Teversal Colliery brass band.
12214	It was founded in 1905 as an organisation to help car users and began a breakdown and recovery service in 1949.
12215	It was found that many sites were still unclear about the right to work check process and who is legally responsible for ensuring right to work.
12216	“It was great to see so many Southern Water staff from across the region embrace the festive spirit and help us raise money for such a good cause.”
12217	It was here that she began to explore the boundaries of painting, staging her first performance, (1994), in which she used her body as a canvas.
12218	It was highly interactive with universities and many of my friends and colleagues from this time are academics.
12219	It was in active use from 1328 until the Dissolution of the Monasteries and had a priest as an oratory to tend to the light and pray for wrecked sailors.
12220	It was included in the following 18 Olympics but discontinued after Athens 2004.
12221	It was in studying this topic that I first came across Islamic coins.
12222	“It was interesting that drivers from South Holland tend to be involved in collisions where they have been drinking or where someone is injured at a rate which is much higher than other districts in Lincolnshire.
12223	It was introduced and had its first reading on 6 December 2007 with the aim of receiving Royal Assent by summer 2008.
12224	It was just the old building then, the extension being added later but they may have demolished some of the old building.
12225	It was just what we needed!
12226	It was kept in good repair until the 16th century, when it was considered to be of no further military use, although it was pressed into service again in 1643, during the English Civil War.
12227	It was later recovered in Duns.
12228	It was launched in January 2018 by two friends and former nurses Angela Yildiz and Stacey Richardson.
12229	It was launched in response to concerns from local people and information suggesting there were tensions in the area following recent instances of disorder.
12230	It was led by Handel scholar and former director of studies in music at Selwyn College, Dr Andrew Jones, and their productions stood out for marrying historically informed performances with historically appropriate staging.
12231	It was legitimately very challenging to find an agency that new what they were doing.
12232	It was like a bamboo type to clean your teeth and he was getting great meetings.
12233	It was love at first sight!
12234	It was made by the Chancellor and his colleagues in the full knowledge that it would have a detrimental impact on people up and down this country who rely on those kinds of services.
12235	It was my first visit after hearing.
12236	It was next to the casino and people would turn chairs from the slot machines to watch the show.
12237	It was no surprise to have wonderful food and great hospitality.
12238	It was not always possible to neatly straightjacket young people in one position.
12239	“It was not appropriate to make an assumption about that without hearing evidence on it and that’s what they did,” she added.
12240	It was noted that the majority of the objections were due to the fear of the bus shelters attracting anti-social behaviour.
12241	It was not straightforward to clear it since there is an angle that is too sharp for my rods.
12242	It was not until the twentieth century that the more public setting of Westminster Abbey became the norm.
12243	"It wasn’t easy and they took it to the bowlers.
12244	“It wasn’t fashionable when we moved here”, he protests.
12245	It wasn’t fluid.
12246	It wasn’t just in engineering that slide rules played a significant role.
12247	It wasn't just the main card last evening that featured all the action.
12248	It wasn't long ago that people were picking up newspapers instead of iPads, Walkman's instead of iPhones, books instead of a Kindle or even having a face-to-face conversation rather than social updates.
12249	It wasn't really deliberate, except that I said: "It sounds like it should, so let's use it in the billing."
12250	It wasn’t right but it worked.
12251	“It wasn’t the ending to the game that we desired and I think all through the four days we have been out-played, so that is a little bit disappointing and leaves us with plenty of work to go on for the next couple of games," he said.
12252	It wasn’t to be for Dan Bramble (Frank Attoh) in the Long Jump, with his only legal jump of 7.64m leaving him short of the 7.90m automatic qualifying mark and outside the top 8 performers in the qualifying round.
12253	It was, of course, Whitstable from whom Invicta signed Scott Heard a couple of years ago.
12254	It was one of the ultimate private company public sector sharks, and is a creation of the neoliberalism that gave birth to austerity.
12255	“It was only pocket money but I got to play pinball for free.
12256	It was on the edge of the countryside and would have been valuable land for development but its enlightened use as a park provided a valuable for Coventry workers over several generations.
12257	It was originally created for American pupils but has been adapted to the cultural needs and skills of UK students.
12258	It was particularly amazing to see the smiles on their faces as they joined in to sing their favourite carols accompanied by the Salvation Army band and the Community.
12259	It was placed in 695th position in the table which requires companies to have revenue of at least €100,000 generated in 2013 and €1.5m in 2016, be independent and be headquartered in one of 31 European countries.
12260	It was preceded only by the Obelisk, started a year earlier.
12261	It was previously done monthly.
12262	It was previously known as Grade 2 braille.
12263	It was previously known as The National Association of Decorative and Fine Arts, or NADFAS, before being rebranded as The Arts Society last year.
12264	It was published for a total of 88 issues, most of which were destroyed in the period following the August 1953 coup.
12265	It was purchased by Queen Victoria at the sale of Strawberry Hill in 1842 and was listed among her private jewellery taken ‘to the Castle’ following her death in 1901.
12266	It was really hard to choose the right voice, and one that our customers would warm to, but we felt Stephen had a really lovely voice that people would find welcoming and reassuring.”
12267	It was reasonable to conclude that Mr J had only discovered the whereabouts of the card and PIN because, over time, he had been able to search through the house while visiting his grandparents.
12268	It was recognised that, since 2004, a large number of Central and Eastern European migrants had moved into Tameside (see official data below).
12269	"It was red and blue before and it was too much, now it looks much nicer and more comfortable.
12270	It was refurbished last year and the upgrade to the gym includes new, state-of-the-art cardio and strength equipment.
12271	It was repaired but badly burned again on 1 February 1971 and it was officially closed the next day).
12272	It was required that a briefing note be circulated to members on changes to the landlord regulations to be introduced in April 2018.
12273	It was RESOLVED that the progress made on the challenges raised be noted and that Panel members support and attend the ‘Virtual Triathlon to Calais’ on 26 October 2017.
12274	It was set-up to forge closer working relationships between the County and District/Borough Councils, particularly with respect to developing a joint Waste Management Strategy.
12275	It was soon 30-10 when George Oliver crossed after Bentley had kicked another penalty.
12276	It was started in 2012 and based out of Oxford.
12277	It was stressed that work was underway to further develop the plan and that there was a need to engage more with STPs to help alleviate the issue.
12278	It was surprisingly easy to meet people and the friends I made in the first few weeks of University became my best friends for the next four years.
12279	It was telling evidence of his obsession with fire and petrol bombs as a weapon.
12280	It was terrifying.
12281	It was the first of its kind in the country, and has been recognised as the ‘most innovative project’ in a major national awards scheme.
12282	It was the first time for Flagmakers exhibiting at such event which meant that the whole team were excited and worked very hard to produce the highest quality exhibition stand.
12283	It was the kind of day you could barely allow you self to imagine, such was the loveliness of it all.
12284	It was the second time in three years that Centurion had made it to the final three firms challenging for the top slot and 2013 saw us succeed in real style beating Deloitte and KPMG.
12285	It was this tiny, old school post office that still has mailboxes from the '20s.
12286	It was two descendants of Hooper's Judge that were to become the "breed type" for the Boston Terrier with their large round eyes and better shaped heads.
12287	It was unfortunate that the code for the gate was changed and you did not receive that information.
12288	'It was unlike anything I've ever heard before': Kickboxer with a 'short fuse' denied bail on murder charge after 'punching Byron Bay DJ in the head before he dropped dead at Christmas Day party'
12289	It was very emotional saying goodbye but we did so with such fond memories and it was really good to remember back to first getting involved in local politics.
12290	It was very rushed.
12291	It was very worthwhile and we developed some strong links with the schools for the future.
12292	It was when he left school and started travelling and tasting foods from different cultures that he became interested in food which is steeped in history and culture.
12293	I tweaked it a little at Ian’s suggestion to fit with the UK political backdrop of 2015.
12294	It will allow the school to offer a varied timetable of English Literature, Spanish and creative writing along with one topic per term chosen together by the children and the teachers.
12295	It will also be used to raise mental health awareness and wellbeing for men in the area through events like Movember and a football tournament.
12296	"It will also compliment the excellent facilities on Aberavon Beach that include the well-established Surf lifesaving and canoe clubs."
12297	It will also help existing groups to professionalise, develop business plans and scale up their work.
12298	It will also help you drive more economically which will save fuel and reduce wear and tear on your car.
12299	It will also include a presentation, farm tour and fieldwork.
12300	It will also offer nothing to guard against the biggest threat to Britain’s economy – Brexit.
12301	It will also provide you with the opportunity to share effective practice with colleagues/peers and discuss topical issues that impact upon this vital strand of work.
12302	It will also seek views on new ways to protect payments to smaller firms in a supply chain which can be hit hardest when large companies become insolvent.
12303	It will be able to treat up to 300 litres of stormwater per second – that’s the equivalent of about 31,000 pints every minute.
12304	It will be about how we shape our own future domestically, how we address issues that people worry about whilst building on the successes that we have achieved, digging ourselves out of the problems of the financial crisis.
12305	It will be a living legacy to Bowie and the other famous names who performed that day back in 1969 and, hopefully, will continue to host many more memorable performances in the years to come.
12306	It will be a shared responsibility, which I think will make a big difference.
12307	It will be completed early in 2017 and on the ground floor there will be a special section set aside to have a Health & Well-Being.
12308	It will be for the Chief Executive to decide what action, if any, it is appropriate to take in response to the complaint.
12309	It will be found so, Master Page.
12310	It will be great to welcome you back but for a longer stay next time!
12311	It will be his second stint with SMPE having worked for the company from 1991 to 2003.
12312	It will be money well spent.
12313	It will be useful for institutions looking afresh at their equality and diversity work, or for teams that wish to deepen their knowledge and understanding in this area.
12314	It will breathe new life into Saltoun Square, something much needed by the local business-people,” said Project Manager, Christine Pert.
12315	It will build on the EPSRC Centre for Continuous Manufacturing and Crystallisation, a world-class facility to accelerate innovative technology delivery and establish new supply chains for medicines.
12316	It will centralise and digitise local land charge information from the 348 local authorities that currently hold and deliver it.
12317	It will cost every man woman and child in the UK £780.00 each, assuming it's on budget.
12318	It will enable students to develop strong and answerable research questions, understand different research designs, apply appropriate outcome measures, and the ability to use appropriate statistical methods in the analysis of simple datasets.
12319	It will enable us to buy brand new safety boots and waterproof jackets for our learners so they can get outside even when the weather isn’t great.
12320	"It will enrich the cooperation between UK and China at the beginning of the 'golden era'.
12321	It will feature an impressive atrium, zinc cladding and a concrete cantilevered staircase, and range between three-four and five storeys.
12322	It will feature international best-selling authors Carole Matthews and Fiona Walker with host Hayley Kay of Radio Wave.
12323	It will flag those people using their home internet connection for malicious purposes but that aren't aware," he added.
12324	It will give you peace of mind that your pet is happy and healthy.
12325	It will have taken 18 months of planning, building and preparation to make sure Land of the Tiger is fit for its new giant feline residents.
12326	It will help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU.
12327	It will help to read a complete guide to renovating a house.
12328	It will help with day to day tasks, such as reporting when you move in or out of the borough, setting up direct debits and applying for discounts.
12329	It will increase poverty, penalise working households and push more families out of their homes and into temporary accommodation, homelessness or on to housing benefit, and the evidence base for it is poor.
12330	It will keep your introductory campaign manageable.
12331	It will look at this ancient landscape and Warburton’s history.
12332	It will not bring down the housing bill – it will add to it.
12333	“It will probably happen once every 10 years or so but we’ve got a floodgate in and we’re doing everything we can.”
12334	It will provide a clear mechanism to ensure that any concerns about stop and search are identified and prioritised where appropriate.
12335	It will reduce congestion and increase the liveability of our cities.
12336	It will see the £80m cost paid back over a 35-year period, funded by the rental income received from the occupiers.
12337	It will state a percentage fee that will be deducted from the award if the solicitor is successful in pursuing the case.
12338	It will take me time to forgive and forget.
12339	It will take up to five working days to receive your event number after submitting this form.
12340	It won’t be easy to ‘grandfather’ such deals and they will only work if Britain can also tailor an EU deal close to single market membership.
12341	It won't be long before these changes have an impact on the practice of clinical medicine.
12342	It works to directly trigger increased auxin production within the seed itself.
12343	It would be disingenuous to ignore the significant successes in recruitment in the past, however if we look at the times when we have been really successful, there has been a very close relationship between recruitment department and the manager.
12344	It would be easier, and fairer, if all car parks were barriered and you paid for your parking before you could open the barrier.
12345	It would be easy to assume that these locations are the war torn parts of the world, but this isn't always the case.
12346	It would be easy to miss Wild Ginger as there is no obvious facade, simply a door off Union Street.
12347	It would be great if there were more colours to choose from as cotton is brilliant in very hot weather.
12348	It would be hard to find a house with better views!
12349	It would be nice for them to know of their Grandad's accomplishments.
12350	It would be years of hard work, but if I knuckled down and followed that path then eventually I’d get to where I needed to be.
12351	It would enable him to make company directors accountable for corporate breaches of the law banning unwanted calls and textsThis measure was recommended by the Nuisance Calls and Texts task force on consent and lead generation in December 2014.
12352	It would make no commercial sense for them not to give the consumer their money back.
12353	It wouldn't be too hard to rack up a huge bill with equipment like this that other brands would fit as standard to at least the top specification car.
12354	It would seem that with as many pictures of landscaping there are to look at online, just about everyone could find a close match to their own property that could be copied.
12355	It would strike at unexpected moments such as when I was whisking an egg, or dialling a telephone, as we used to do in those days.”
12356	It would support local contractors; provide job opportunities; and support local services, facilities and accommodation providers.
12357	It would therefore seem that the answer to the riddle of the public interest test lies in the asking of a series of further questions; though not always the same questions, and not always in the same order.
12358	I understand that the arrangement by which information will be passed from Scotland to the other countries is already in place.
12359	I understand that the ship and the company make a large part of their profits by having a captured audience onboard to spend in the bar, but the trip would have been improved 100% if some evening excursions ashore had been available.
12360	I undertake marine surveys including Ultrasonic surveys on steel vessels from barges to work boats.
12361	“I urge anyone who has any concerns about activity relating to individuals being forced to work against their will for low or no wages, or being controlled or mistreated, to report it to us.”
12362	“I urge people who need help not to suffer in silence.”
12363	I use a battery as I do not have a power supply in the garden and have not had to replace it yet.
12364	I use a Le Creuset casserole (called a Dutch oven in the US) and bake for 30 mins in a hot oven.
12365	I used a solicitor several years ago.
12366	I used the website on my mobile and due to bad signal the final page failed to load after I submitted all my information.
12367	I used to be a music producer so I’m not against these events and it’s not about being a nimby – it’s a fundamental problem.
12368	"I used to look for single parent families, where the dad's not home, if they've not got the new trainers, if they're lonely.
12369	I used to work at a labelling factory: there are other viable ways of packaging, tagging, labelling and barcoding products that do not entail use of non-recyclable products.
12370	I use Highgate Cars and the linked Fleet Cars all the time.
12371	“I use my BMW for an above average 40 minutes a day and for the rest of the time it stays in the parking lot.
12372	I use this breadmaker all the time the quick set-up gets you cooking in 2 ticks.
12373	I vaguely remember this one from school.
12374	I've always been nervous of dentists, but visiting the lovely team at Selly Park, and having treatment by Dr Payne, has proved to me that there is nothing to be scared of, and finally I can smile without embarrassment!
12375	‘I’ve always worked.
12376	I’ve a piece in Standpoint about The Killing, one of the most interesting dramas on television.
12377	“I’ve become a lot more confident.
12378	I’ve been a LIVE volunteer for Anaphylaxis campaign since October 2014.
12379	I've been a member for a while now, but this is my first post.
12380	I’ve been clubbing, jogging and even in 35 degrees heat, and my makeup has kept better than this one.
12381	“I’ve been coming here all my life for events such as the Christmas lights and New Year’s Eve and this was the busiest I’ve ever seen it,” said Mr Sparrey, 50.
12382	I’ve been feeling good for a while now and it’s great to get some cricket out here.”
12383	“I’ve been given autonomy by the chairman if I do want to recruit,” he said.
12384	I’ve been in love with tennis since the age of 10: It’s my life, my career and my passion.
12385	I’ve been journeying to and from Chester every few weeks for the past six months, meaning to make each visit short and businesslike, but enjoying the process so much that I tend to dawdle.
12386	"I've been narrowly beaten in the Nunthorpe with Lady Aurelia and Acapulco was second in it as a two-year-old, so I'm set on getting the win, hopefully this year."
12387	I've been receiving threatening emails and texts ever since demanding money for a service I didn't request and has never been provided!
12388	I’ve been very happy here.
12389	I’ve blogged about it twice already this year, after all… Jan 11th – Cookies and your Website Mar 16th (yes, only 2 weeks ago) – Cookie Audit Why write again so soon?
12390	“I’ve decided not to live in fear.
12391	I’ve done everything from snowboarding to white water rafting, with a bit of croquet and cricket thrown in. I also get the chance to chat to some really fascinating people in the outdoors world.
12392	I’ve gone to weekly comedy clubs, tried my hands at some sports, been president of a university society, and even performed a salsa routine on the piazza, all while going to lectures and studying at home.
12393	“I’ve had all the players here and we speak about today but they all had their weaknesses, as well, don’t worry about that.
12394	I’ve instructed Phil, who you dealt with, to give you a call and go through this in more detail with you, and hopefully clear everything up.
12395	I've interviewed a large number of Irish League managers over the years and I always found my conversations with Marty incredibly refreshing and honest.
12396	I’ve just finished my 35th season with them and I’ve run other choirs and I play for other people and sing for other people.
12397	I’ve just managed to pick up an old Garmin eTrex for next to nothing.
12398	I've just spent 20 minutes 'wrestling with' the 'group photo' to try and make it look right on the page I had to alter the 'photo' 3 times, before it seemed to 'fit into the space okay').
12399	“I’ve lost 2st 2lb and I run every day.”
12400	I’ve lost track about how many times the Prime Minster has changed her mind in this election – who is to say she wouldn’t change her mind about a cap?
12401	I’ve met some lovely people just by striking up conversation in lectures.
12402	I've missed a monthly Direct Debit.
12403	I've never once been able to contact their on line suport.
12404	I’ve never really lost that love and to be honest, hiring a DVD or streaming a video from an on-demand service doesn’t replicate the magic of going to the cinema.
12405	I've not found them appealing.
12406	I’ve only been at Hospitality Guaranteed since June 2015, and have just graduated from Teesside University with a 2:1 in Web Design.
12407	I've really enjoyed the course.
12408	I very much enjoy a bit of ground pork.
12409	I've started 2 or 3 in the past few years, but despite initial enthusiasm, I've not finished any of them.
12410	I’ve talked to senior members of the armed forces and I’ve talked to senior diplomats, and they all agree that behind all of the rhetoric of a Global Britain – and some of these people did vote for Brexit – there is not one concrete idea behind that.
12411	I've tried, friends have tried, teachers have tried - when he gets confronted with stuff he just runs away and hides.
12412	I’ve tried pretty much every brand…
12413	Iv had friends get some awesome designs tattooed at mantra 2 and as 1 of the most perminant decision.
12414	I waited 15 minutes see if the mum or dad would be back no one came.
12415	I waited a long time before, an unacceptable amount of time.
12416	I want an open society with rules; one that delights in its tolerance and pursues justice not only within our borders but outside them.
12417	I wanted a break from the administrative and organisational aspects, to be able to concentrate on liaison and campaigning, for which there just hasn't been time as the organisation has grown.
12418	I wanted something simple and quick to use.
12419	“I wanted to be at home with my children but I had to go to hospital to have all my treatment.
12420	“I wanted to develop my skills and expose myself to more knowledge and networks.
12421	I wanted to have those juices flowing.
12422	"I wanted to let them know what they did for me, and to encourage them to keep caring for others in the same way"
12423	I wanted to return home a different person, with a bank of footwear knowledge, but also a spring of creativity in my step.”
12424	I wanted to see a GP near to my workplace, but because it was a different borough I couldn’t.
12425	I wanted to turn that quite moment after food and before speeches into a celebration.
12426	I wanted to work here so I could experience a large range of technical and non-technical roles and there are good opportunities to move around internally and gain a far better understanding of the company.
12427	I wanted to write and say what excellent service - The property was sold in 3 days for a better price than expected.
12428	I want people to feel like it is a space for them too.
12429	I want to begin by addressing the tragic Grenfell Tower fire.
12430	I want to develop myself as a player and then we will see what happens.”
12431	I want to help Londoners to have access to better food, and lead healthier lifestyles, so it’s great to see these young people growing their own grub and developing entrepreneurial skills.”
12432	I want to thank all those who, especially this year, have encouraged and supported me in prayer and gracious hospitality.
12433	“I want to thank mima for all the help we have been given as well who has been brilliant.”
12434	I want to work in academia … Without this postgraduate funding, that dream and that mission would have to retire.
12435	I was 24 when I injured my back.
12436	I was a bit short of bait only finding a few frozen crabs and lugg worms in my freezer.
12437	“I was about 10 when I was diagnosed with epilepsy after having had two seizures, and I was prescribed Phenytoin.
12438	I was actually quite happy to hear the Secretary of State say that the Government are looking into the Housing First scheme, which I believe was developed in Finland, and is about providing people with security and stability as a starting point.
12439	I was a little bit nervous beforehand as I was stepping out of my comfort zone.
12440	I was a little nervous as I had next to no writing experience, but the course started from scratch and gave me everything I needed.
12441	“I was also promoted at work as a result of the confidence boost and skills that my OU studies gave me.
12442	I was amazed that such a beautiful place existed in this country with so many lovely anchorages, moorings and islands to explore.
12443	“I was at a wedding I didn’t really want to attend, due to a messy family situation, but I agreed to go to support my friend’s partner, as it was his daughter getting married.
12444	“I was attracted to the Countrywide trainee programme because I recognised an opportunity to be part of a progressive company with a clear commitment to employee development.
12445	I was by far the eldest on the course and I felt as though I was starting my training all over again but once I got back into the swing of it and accepted that things had changed, and improved, it was all very interesting and stimulating.
12446	I was cheering them on in my head, didn’t matter what country they were from, if they were pushing the limits with a do or die attitude, I was psyched for them.
12447	I was delighted with my rose bouquet, particularly with how the bear grass gave it structure and definition and the miniature versions for the bridesmaids were equally impressive.
12448	“I was extremely nervous, I must admit,” said Mrs Piper.
12449	I was first notified at the beginning of February but the announcement wasn’t made until April.
12450	I was frequently caned by the metalwork teacher for being useless and by the maths teacher for not understanding Algebra.
12451	I was going through the photographs and I came across two pictures of RAF Tornado aircraft making Meals on Wheels deliveries.
12452	I was going to come on to that.
12453	I was going to use TaxCalc but I want to keep my audit trail workings as clear as possible and therefore want all of my account headings to be consistently named.
12454	I was happy with many of the Minister’s comments, particularly that there was meri.
12455	I was impressed with how beautifully it is maintained and felt at home as soon as we arrived.
12456	I was joyful when I discovered the prayer house in Coventry City.
12457	"I was just about to step into the car when I was attacked," Stan Brocklehurst told the Echo of his headline making ordeal.
12458	I was looking forward to reading it after reading the other book.
12459	I was losing feeling in my hands and feet.
12460	I was lucky enough to spend a day with some of the team from Incredible Edible Todmorden (IET) and see how food can…
12461	I was married to Robin Tallis (very happily) he died in 1996.
12462	I was not surprised to hear that many times — particularly while — he had reverted to his old ways.
12463	'I was not told these contributions were unnecessary.
12464	I wasn’t really the band leader.
12465	I was offered a Purdey double eight-bore hammer gun recently for well under £10,000 and a Holland & Holland single four-bore for around half that.
12466	I was on a DMP but came off of this around 2 years ago, and managed through the payments myself meeting what was required.
12467	I was out canvassing in Birchwood for six hours today.
12468	I was part of a third year Art class and we worked together to produce an amazing Mosiac which will be a lasting memorial to Danii.
12469	I was pleased to receive, as always, the most recent edition of CAM, which I read with interest.
12470	I was really excited when I got the job, but I’m almost reminiscing or mourning this kind of work I’ve been doing.
12471	I was so used to working in a small environment with only a handful of colleagues so Nationwide was a huge change for me.
12472	“I was still looking for players up until that point.
12473	I was teetering very close to the edge.
12474	I was there with 4 friends of mine after cold winter on 2012 april.
12475	“I was told there was nothing left; no reason, no conscience, no understanding; even the most rudimentary sense of life or death, of good or evil, right or wrong.
12476	“I was totally bowled over by Katie’s performance at Wainsgate last year” said Dave.
12477	I was trapped up to my waist in desks and rubble and goodness knows what else.
12478	I was under the impression that I had to see a doctor to get rid of a simple headache, which would be more expensive than visiting a candy bar machine.
12479	I was very lucky the tutor that I rented from was at one time was actually the Vice Principal of the training college that I was at.
12480	I was very pleased that the Prime Minister announced to the Liaison Committee that the Government would introduce a long-term plan for the NHS and, most importantly, do so in conjunction with the leaders of the NHS, clinicians and health experts.
12481	"I watched them play against Manchester United Under 17s in the week, when they lost 2-0, and they play with a back three," he said.
12482	I welcome him most warmly to the Dispatch Box for his inaugural session.
12483	I welcome the Green Paper on mental health in schools, which was published earlier this year, but it does prompt a question about the mental health of students in further and higher education.
12484	I went into the studio in February and released it in May.
12485	I went off to Brussels with a delegation to see the then Commissioner for Regional Policy about this.
12486	I went to MonaLisa a few weeks ago after seeing their £30 full head foils promotion advertised in their front window.
12487	I went to pick him up and he was a lot heavier than I first thought he'd be!
12488	I went to the Financial Ombudsman, who was no help and found that a £50 goodwill gesture offered to me was fair.
12489	I went to the front door as I heard a vehicle and thought it was the ambulance, but it was a police car passing.
12490	I went to Westminster School.
12491	I will address this issue in my forthcoming report to Parliament about extending the reach of FOI legislation.
12492	I will also be asking the software companies at the summit in just over a weeks time.
12493	I will always be very grateful for his expert and thoughtful support.
12494	“I will be looking to bring some more experienced players as well.
12495	I will be using it for agitating my prespray in and also offering my customer base the dry cleaning option.
12496	I will challenge the Commission to develop and put into place solutions that will make a long-term difference.
12497	I will continue my analysis tomorrow by considering the litigation in Kansas, Washington and North Carolina.
12498	I will continue to focus on domestic violence crimes against women and girls and I will target hate crime.
12499	I will cover the E service and I will liaise with the rest of the group about representatives for the other routes - I hope this is still acceptable?
12500	I will explain how to use them and prescribe a personalised home care routine.
12501	I will just have to keep watching the ch4 content via Kodi minus of course the bl**dy adverts Come on channel 4 even the rubbish bbc are showing you how to do it!
12502	I will make good use of the range of services at the University that help me to progress on my course and prepare for my future.
12503	‘I will make you brooches and toys for your delight’
12504	I will normally not sign contracts that impose any restrictions on who else I am allowed to work with or what topics I can work on and publish about.
12505	I will start by explaining the overall rationale behind the reforms that the Government are making.
12506	I will then follow up with a night cream.
12507	I will win the level it eintnpriceed to the next level.
12508	I will write to him regarding our position on arms exports and Sri Lanka.
12509	I wish I could give them less than 1. We have recently moved house and went to Virgin to get an internet connection.
12510	I wonder how chaotic the form can be without being too disorientating.
12511	I wonder how concerned the banks are about the money they were lavishing on anyone that cared to doctor up a satisfactory application?
12512	I wonder how many youngsters walk that far now.
12513	I wonder if one of the European ranges was Heligoland as that was used for live bombing?
12514	I worked in the field of Academic Marketing for eight years variously as a technical author, project manager, lecturer and tutor, travelling worldwide providing consultation services to numerous colleges in the Far East.
12515	I work from a Relational Integrative Model that draws upon Humanistic, Psychodynamic and Cognitive Behavioural approaches.
12516	I work in a Biosafety Level 3 containment laboratory for virus research and my project involves studying the mechanisms of Herpes Simplex Virus interaction with cells, using fluorescence and cryo-electron microscopy techniques.
12517	'I work with a group of researchers in my topic area online and with Mendeley we are able to share resources quickly and hold group discussions with participants from all over the world'.
12518	I work with the events team in Scotland in their Glasgow office, and assist with organising different fundraising events.
12519	I would also like to mention Charlotte who is also professional, friendly and helpful, she too is a valuable member of the team, and also provides excellent customer service.
12520	I would also like to say well done to our Communications, Digital Services and Social Media Teams who recently picked-up 3 awards at the Chartered Institute of Public Relations PRide Awards.
12521	I would appreciate suggestions and constructive criticism.
12522	I would be interested to learn what transitional arrangements you will be implementing to support students that will no longer have access to locally provided vocational and academic courses?
12523	I would bring my favourite chocolate, saucisson, redcurrant jams, and biscuits back.
12524	I would consider selling them with their dam to a top class home.
12525	I would definitely recommend this hotel for your wedding.
12526	“I would do anything she asked because I always know it will be a fantastic cause."
12527	I would encourage other ex-Army Regulars to think about commercial driving as a new career, especially those who are in the Reserves.
12528	I would encourage racegoers leaving the event to use a safe route or plan your journey in advance.”
12529	I would encourage the planting of trees and shrubs near to bicycle parking to allow cyclists more room and protection from other road users.
12530	I would expect the level of technology innovation to gradually increase now we have aligned our new strategy and we do need to finish the basics in many areas before launching completely new programmes.
12531	I would happily swap with you.
12532	I would have no hesitation in recommending their services to anyone."
12533	I would highly recommend using Perpetual.”
12534	I would like a quote to take out second charge mortgage for house.
12535	I would like to be contacted to discuss the dates available.
12536	I would like to offer my support at this moment also to the new Maori King.
12537	"I would like to say thank you to JMI, they did a wonderful job of making an old fashion bathroom into a beautiful up to date shower room.
12538	I would like to see another runway at Gatwick and I would like to see it now.
12539	I would like to send my respect and warm wishes to Professor Hawking's family and friends.
12540	I would like to take this opportunity and say how much appreciative we are by your help to our family it really made a difference.
12541	“I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our colleagues in the Parts Division for their hard work over the years.
12542	I would like to thank everyone who turned out to volunteer their time and effort on Saturday.
12543	I would like to thank Fusion and the council's leisure team for making this happen.
12544	“I would like to thank Rotherham District and all of the officers who have taken time to explain their work to me in detail.”
12545	I would like to thank you for your persistence, patience and hard work in the purchase of our new house.
12546	I would love to be able to recycle yogurt pots and it hurts me to throw clean foil away.
12547	I would love to join the war.
12548	I would love to try CroisiEurope but the food is an issue for me.
12549	I would not hesitate to recommend haart in the future however; I might stipulate haart of Hayes as all your team were brilliant.
12550	I would not recommend this cruise line based on our experience.
12551	I wouldn't be doing my job as Founder/CEO if I didn't point out that this is one of the reasons why https://interim.team exists.
12552	“I wouldn’t even use the word ‘complacency’ ahead of this weekend,” insisted McGreal.
12553	I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend Matt and Elite to anyone who is looking for a driving instructor.
12554	I wouldn't necessarily call that near i agree but i made a similar journey when i first attended GA because I was desperate.
12555	I wouldn't say Francy's writing was out of the ordinary, although it's very good.
12556	"I would personally like to thank the officers of Stroud Constituency Labour Party who have dealt with this sensitive and difficult situation with professionalism, objectivity and complete integrity."
12557	I would point out that due to the large plot on which the property stands, subject to necessary planning consent the property could be greatly extended to provide a very large family home.
12558	I would recommend affordability permitting to try and pay extra each month to repay the debt quicker and realistically you will need around 15% or more deposit which also suggest to the lender that you are serious about securing a mortgage.
12559	I would recommend this property to anyone, young or old.
12560	I would recommend this tile shop to anyone."
12561	I would recommend to friends and family and will return myself for future work required.
12562	I would recommend you to anyone who wants to learn to drive.
12563	I would welcome a response to the points that I have made.
12564	I write in relation to two claims made by Iain Thornber in his column Morvern Lines (The Oban Times, March 8).
12565	Jack and jill ensuite with access from bedroom two and three.
12566	Jack did my hair this time and I couldn't be happier.
12567	Jack Dromey - Contributions - Hansard OnlineWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site.
12568	Jacket was fine.
12569	Jack has many complex and rare health needs.
12570	Jackie is a member of the Ctha, WMA, Embody.
12571	Jackie Nichol, 79, who now lives in Carrickfergus, said he had become quite friendly with Robert McClenaghan, 60, who was appointed to the forum in 2017 because his grandfather Philip Garry was killed in the UVF McGurk’s Bar bombing in 1971.
12572	Jackie Oates is a name synonymous with the reinvigoration of English folk music, beguiling audiences with a delicate balance of tradition and reinvention.
12573	Jackson Ramm was robbed by Ben Regan and he whipped in a low cross to Kyron Andrews who flicked it goalwards but straight into keeper Scott Foreman’s arms.
12574	Jack was struck by how complimentary the good people of Essex were about the big orange truck as he went about his business.
12575	Jack, who lived in Hemel Hempstead town centre, was a son, brother, uncle, football player and coach.
12576	Jacob has been fighting neuroblastoma with an aggressive treatment regime since he was 2-years-old but sadly he relapsed in April 2016 and is undergoing more treatment.
12577	Jacob’s Ladder is a native plant confined to a few areas of Northern England.
12578	Jade Greenhow, Operations Manager, comments; “The Local Builders database is an effective and efficient marketing tool that is extremely popular within the industry.
12579	Jade O’Donoghue is the editor of course search site, Training and Courses, helping people find career-boosting courses.
12580	Jade, who organised the food collection, works as a Business Administration Apprentice with the council’s HR Team.
12581	Jaguar says the I-Pace will support battery preconditioning, allowing the car’s systems and cabin to be warmed up while it’s still plugged into the mains.
12582	"Jaguar's product-led expansion programme means that we need to strengthen our design, engineering and development organisation.
12583	Jake with the rhino trophy after the Varsity Match, 2017.
12584	James Chapman, who served as Davis' chief-of-staff, made the claims on Twitter.
12585	James Corden strips off and does some wrestling in new Carpool Karaoke with Red Hot Chili Peppers!
12586	"James Dalton and Yvonne Braun are respected and trusted by ministers, regulators and industry executives with proven track records of tackling difficult issues with skill and determination.
12587	James-Dean Curtis, from The Garlic Farm, said: “It’s the first time we’ve come to Bolton and it’s been a really good festival.
12588	James Didcote (57no), Richard Jones (46) and Matthew Evans (42) all threatened but the Fugitives were still well short at the close on 238-7.
12589	James Fisher put it to the test.
12590	James Johnson, Decommissioning Manager, Peterson added “We are committed to making a positive impact in the local communities in which we operate and have actively supported various community projects for many years.
12591	James joined Lister Infraserv in May 2013 prior to the company merging with Fisher German, initially to work on a significant electricity line scheme.
12592	James Lee, GGF Director of Marketing and Communications also attended the conference and commented, “It was a great event for meeting not just Trading Standards Officers but also to engage with key influencers from like-minded organisations.”
12593	James Osman, Sussex NFU Adviser, says: “If the farmer is breeding for certain genetics, a lot of hard work can be lost and you can’t just replace it.
12594	James Penman, Jimmy Stevens and Rory Burke provided a new-look front row and Ben Morris, Shane Buckley and Jordan Coghlan lined up in the back row.
12595	James Sizemore is an acclaimed composer, arranger and producer of film scores, working on such projects as the Hobbit trilogy and Split.
12596	James travels from coast to coast, sampling the food on offer in every city and state he visits.
12597	James Watt (1736-1819)See images of James Watt, objects and scenes from his life now in the collection of the McLean Museum.
12598	James won an ERC Elite Award for his effort, the try came in his eleventh season of European rugby and in his fifty-first appearance in the Heineken Cup.
12599	Jamie decided that fitness was more important than just strength, so he started to make his training more functional and incorporate high intensity intervals.
12600	Jamie Fletcher, area environment manager from the Environment Agency, said: "Waste criminals operate throughout the country, offering to remove waste cheaply and then dumping it in fields or empty warehouses.
12601	Jamie showed a great eye for design and impressive knowledge on the latest fabric technologies.
12602	Jane Rayson, barrister and trustee of the Bar Pro Bono Unit, for peer reviewing the guides 'How to get a divorce or end a civil partnership without the help of a lawyer' and 'How to fill in your financial statement (Form E) without the help of a lawyer'.
12603	Janet provided balances and healthy meals and this helped her develop her love of vegetables and fruit.
12604	Janine was appointed as CEO Justice UK & Ireland in August 2015.
12605	Jansen guided the club to the first round proper for the first time in 27 years and, in front of the BT Sport cameras, they looked set to beat League One Fleetwood when a goal and a man up with 13 minutes remaining.
12606	January 17th, 2018 - Events - Devizes - Whats on - Devizes TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12607	January 17th, 2018 - Events - Edgware - Whats on - Edgware TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12608	Jardin Blanc with Raymond Blanc is nestled in a peaceful corner of the show, and offers a variety of options and entertainment including breakfast, three-course lunch and afternoon tea.
12609	Jark Peterborough are looking for a GroundWorker for a project in the Ramsey, Cambridgeshire area.
12610	Jason Bailey (JB) told the Board that the Business Operations report included information intended to contextualise the data.
12611	Jason Derulo is a massive EastEnders fan and wants soap to 'bring back Pat Butcher'
12612	Jason has previously worked on digital projects at the Museum of London and Natural History Museum.
12613	Jason Taylor added: “We’re extremely proud to be the first site in Wales and Kier’s first site to be accredited to CCS Ultra.
12614	Jayne Linney, a disabled person on Pip disability benefit told Socialist Worker, “I was really impressed with Labour’s pledges, especially on disability.
12615	J B Fencing is a fencing company providing a range of fencing options for the garden and other plots of land.
12616	JB says that he does not owe TS the aforesaid 40s nor any other monies and offers his law, to be made in Easter term 1422.
12617	JB says that the aforesaid arbiters never made arbitration prior to the octave of Hilary 1426 and so he ought to have livery of the bond by which he obliged himself to the late RL.
12618	JD Williams offers a fantastic range of high-tech home electricals for you to stay up-to-date and well equipped.
12619	Jeanettes Hair Shop is a hairdresser offering a variety of men's and women's hair styles and other hair treatments.
12620	Jenna passed Tuesday 8th August in with just 4 faults.
12621	Jenny does have some advice about getting around the time issue.
12622	Jenny Saunders, chief executive of NEA, told the newspaper there was still a situation "where many low income households are forced to pay higher than their wealthier neighbours".
12623	Jeremy Black looks to the past in order to understand the historical identity of England, and what it means for English nationalism today, in a post-Brexit world.
12624	Jeremy Corbyn backs the return of a united Ireland through 'consent'
12625	Jeremy Hunt says plans have "provoked huge anxiety among local people"
12626	Jeskyns Community Woodland is off the A2 at Cobham near Gravesend.
12627	Jessica recommends a style like this for brides with a face shape that’s long or square: “For long or square face shapes, it’s flattering to have wisps of hair and fringe left loose around the face – this will help soften strong features.
12628	Jessie Rowena Miles, 81, told us she is devastated as her whole family have been through the primary school in Felindre.
12629	Jessops sells the best best brands out there.
12630	Jetcost are determined to make your life easier, so once we have helped you find the best flight offers to suit your needs, we will then help you get the best deal on hotels and car hire in Kerry.
12631	Jewish ‘halakah' covers every area of life: how we live with one another, how to love, how to raise families, how to create community.
12632	J & G Executive Travel is in South Tay Street, Dundee.
12633	Jill Beardsell and Beryl Jones have been doubles partners for over 50 years.
12634	Jill Edwards who has worked at the school for more than 20 years, said: “We had such a lovely morning with Louisa.
12635	Jill Liddington, Abi Morgan, Heidi Safia Mirza and Deborah Withers will discuss their engagement with archives of activism.
12636	Jim Ede’s retrospective account of its making sheds light on Nicholson’s working methods: “I so well remember her bringing back this ‘Seascape’ after her first morning on the sands beyond Bamburgh.
12637	Jimmy Brattan has dramatically resigned as Huntingdon Town manager - less than 24 hours after they contested a cup final.
12638	Jim said: “I spoke to the Coastguard and said, ‘Is there any chance of getting the helicopter back, because I’ve tried to get her off and now she’s at a 45 degree angle on the beach and there’s no way she’s going to get off?’
12639	JLL is experienced at making and keeping property productive.
12640	J Lo’s showstopper of a Balmain dress featured a jewel-encrusted crown and a feather skirt, while Kim’s gold Versace dress was simply embroidered with crosses.
12641	JMB Plumbing Services uses qualified and highly skilled staff.
12642	J.Mendel are known for their overtly glamorous designs, so it’s no surprise that drama queen Natalie opted for this attention-grabbing Gothic inspired dress.
12643	JM says that he does not owe WC the said £30 nor any other monies and puts himself upon the country, and WC puts himself likewise.
12644	Joanna Elson, chief executive of the Money Advice Trust, said: “The level of unpaid council tax in Basingstoke and Deane remains a concern.
12645	Jobs news from the Tewkesbury AdmagWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
12646	Jobs still up for grabs at brand new Haverhill Retail Park - and you can apply right here!
12647	Job Summary: The Assessment Centre Manager is a Manager role within Operations, reporting to the Area Manager.
12648	Joe & Dorothy Partington - Leigh JournalWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
12649	Joe had recently submitted a transfer request as he could not get his place back due to the good form of Billy Wells.
12650	Joe Newton, Partner Go to main navigationThis site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalised service.
12651	Joe swam a cracking race to WIN the Y3/4 Freestyle event.
12652	Joey English, 33, of Newchurch Road, Stacksteads, pleaded guilty to failing to comply with the requirements of a community order.
12653	Johanna McDonald, who owns and runs Rein & Shine with husband John McDonald said: “The day was even more successful than we could have imagined.
12654	John added: “Our engineers from North Midland Construction will be working seven days a week to get this work done as quickly as possible, and they’ll work really closely with members of the local community to minimise any disruption as much as possible.
12655	John â€“ The scores in product tests ignore price and since the ‘Best Buy’ products are those with the highest scores are selected as Best Buys then I don’t see how the price is currently a factor.
12656	John Banham seeks inquiry upon the country, and the executors seek likewise.
12657	John Barrowman said “I am so looking forward to coming to Manchester.
12658	John Broadwood & Sons is the oldest and one of the most prestigious piano companies in the world.
12659	John Burgeys claims that bishop JF appointed him as his treasurer and receiver, whilst bishop JF was the bishop of Durham.
12660	John C. claims that John R. owes him 40s on a loan.
12661	John Challis, the actor best-known for playing Boycie in the BBC’s most successful ever sitcom Only Fools and Horses is heading to Devon this spring.
12662	John Deere’s 8R and 8RT Series wheeled and tracked tractors, featuring Stage III B compliant diesel-only engines, are also being updated for 2014, with increased horsepower on all models.
12663	John emailed the helpline to request information on any financial assistance that might be available to help him to adapt his home to accommodate his disability and make his day to day life easier.
12664	John Gamble is the Chief Financial Officer of Equifax and is responsible for all financial functions including corporate finance, investor relations, accounting, audit, tax and treasury.
12665	John German have recently SOLD OUT at two of our New Homes sites : should we be selling yours?
12666	John Griffin Trailer Training specialise in trailer training and towing, offering professional driver training.
12667	John Hammond, Chairman of Ansa, said: “This is a great example of how Ansa works closely and effectively with partners to deliver real improvements for residents.
12668	John Lewis Car Insurance New customers can save 15% when they buy John Lewis Car Insurance online.
12669	John Longden, chief executive of Pub is The Hub said: "We are enormously grateful that Greene King continues to recognise and endorse the work we have done to date with the Community Services Fund.
12670	John made discerning comments on each display.
12671	John N Marshall - Director, Independent Sales Consultants Ltd, Southam, Warkwickshire.
12672	John Ridding, the FT’s chief executive, said: “It is clear from the changing composition of our teams that we are moving in the right direction.
12673	John Robson a royalist was fatally stabbed in a bar room brawl, leaving his betrothed heartbroken.
12674	Johnson held strong views on many issues which led to clashes with local Conservatives.
12675	Johnsons Florist is a florists selling a variety of flowers which can be bought for different occasions.
12676	John W. claims that on 16/08/1428 John Cumpton and William C. used force and arms to break his close and house at Croydon, Surrey, where they seized and carried off goods and chattels to the value of £20.
12677	Join an informal meditation group using themes and materials from the World Community for Christian Meditation.
12678	Joiners, Graham and Christoph have been working hard putting back in the flooring and pews - with the north aisle pews all now back in situ.
12679	Join Hollywood Bowl for some brilliant bowling, yummy food & drinks and awesome amusements that won’t dent your student loan!
12680	Join in to celebrate the launch of this fantastic community achievement, and enjoy the various activities that will be available.
12681	Join Marco Polo before she begins her journey east from Portsmouth this afternoon.
12682	Join my newsletter for all the latest trends, tips and salon news.
12683	Join now for free and start earning points for your rewards.
12684	Join online today and gain access to 23 branch libraries and the mobile library service with locations all over the East Riding you can join, renew and request books from home or on the move using our Library Catalogue and Library App.
12685	Join over 1091 pleased and happy new dental clients who have had oral or dental treatments in the last 12 months from around RM2.
12686	Join over 802 satisfied new private customers who have had oral or dental treatments in the last 6 months from around Vauxhall.
12687	JOINT-BOSS Wayne Oliver admits Droitwich Spa are yet to get to grips with how to play at their new Walshes Meadow home.
12688	Join the A-list with the stylish and powerful Samsung Galaxy A5.
12689	Join the latest EuroMillions craze - play in a syndicate and get more chances to win mega-millions each week!
12690	Join this real Housewife of Cheshire for a special Christmas psychic nightAmpika Pickston usually appears on the Real Housewives of Cheshire, but now she's making an exciting appearance in Newcastle.
12691	Join us after the show in the foyer for a “meet & greet” with the dinosaurs!
12692	Join us (and Henry) on floor 3 for fun, games and some special offers.
12693	Join us for fantastic racing, with a card of 6 exciting jumps.
12694	Join us for this in depth look at how an archaeologist and an artist look at interpreting ‘tools’.
12695	Join us on our fascinatingly gruesome tour and sate your morbid curiosity.
12696	Jonathan Brownlee was second after the 1500m swim in Waterloo Lake, with Alistair just behind him.
12697	Jonathan Godden a local Strategic manager came up with the idea after a holiday in Thailand.
12698	Jonathan Kent’s production captures the dangerous political turbulence of Rome in 1800, Dan Ettinger conducts a star cast led by Adrianne Pieczonka, Joseph Calleja and Gerald Finley.
12699	Jon Beckwith, the first person to isolate a gene, upon receiving the Eli Lilly Award in Microbiology, announced that he would give the $1,000 prize money to the Black Panther Party.
12700	Jones hacked Ferrier down on the left wing and was cautioned for the challenge, before Mahon danced his way past a couple of defenders but dragged his shot wide.
12701	Jon G. Auerbach, Wall Street Journal, 1999-06-01, page A1.
12702	Jonickson states that ‘I seem to remember that before IR35 came into play the intention was for the 'employers' to make the judgements and the deductions.’
12703	Jonny, who also had an interrupted build-up, finished seventh as South Africa's Henri Schoeman claimed gold with Australia's Jacob Birtwhistle second and Scotland's Marc Austin claiming a surprise bronze medal.
12704	Jo only knew this word as in which a hole is bored into the skull.
12705	“Jo’s Appeal has touched everybody’s hearts and the money raised will help people in our community who are facing cancer.”
12706	Jose Mourinho's comments after the FA Cup final could easily be dismissed as the musings of a man who would say just about anything to deflect attention away from his own team's inadequacies.
12707	Josephine Jones, a sixth form student at St Olave’s Grammar School in Orpington, came away with top prize in Newnham College’s annual essay competition, which pits female students against each other across a number of subjects.
12708	Joshua Galloway joined Epsom College Sixth Form in 2015 from Townsend Church of England School in St Albans with the assistance of a full bursary.
12709	Joshua Shill was man-of-the-match in both games.
12710	Joules has the latest styles when it comes to shoes, clothing, accessories, and sportswear for men, women, and children and even home wear.
12711	Journalist and author John Woodhouse shares his thoughts on British weather.
12712	Journalists working online could have the freedom to decide which format is better for their story, and they could experiment with Vines, Instagram videos or longform storytelling.
12713	Journal of Research in Reading, 28(3), 350–364.
12714	Journal of the American College of Cardiology, 44(12), pp. 2375-2382.
12715	Journals including but not limited to:.
12716	Journey options back to Sutton would not have sped up the overall journey and London buses to Mitcham Junction, Tramlink to Wimbledon and then alternative services to London would not have been any faster.
12717	Journeys now show the calories a journey would use up, and the CO2 saving compared to an equivalent car journey.
12718	JPEGs are not so good at storing images with solid colours, crisp edges or text.
12719	JPi is a private investigator service covering Swansea.
12720	JT recently signed a significant long-term deal to supply 1,450 apartments in the high-rise residential scheme at the 12-acre London City Island by EcoWorld Ballymore with their low profile range of JTFusion trays.
12721	Judge Anthony Bate adjourned his case until June 18 for a further hearing.
12722	Judges will be comprised of representatives from Amazon Prime Air, the UK Civil Aviation Authority and leaders in innovation across various industries.
12723	Judge Ward found that a woman can leave the period either by returning to a job or by returning to the employment market as a former worker who is jobseeking under Article 7(3)(b) or (c).
12724	Judging from the promotional material generated to support this new Beetle and the positive attitude of Volkswagen’s executives, it’s clear that they now have a better understanding of the car and how it can fit into the lives of prospective owners.
12725	Judicial review should only be used where no adequate alternative remedy, such as a right of appeal, is available.
12726	Judi Sheppard Missett, who turned her love of jazz dance into a worldwide dance exercise phenomenon, founded the Jazzercise dance fitness program in 1969.
12727	Judith Miller, Partner at Sayer Vincent, explains why ahead of the “Culture – the role of finance” session at the The Charity Accountants’ Conference.
12728	Julia led HFRP’s evaluation work for over a decade, which included evaluating foundation and non-profit initiatives and publishing The Evaluation Exchange, a nationally renowned periodical on emerging evaluation strategies and issues.
12729	Julian joined Bellpenny (now part of Ascot Lloyd) in early 2015, and has built a strong and trusted relationship with a number of clients in different parts of the country, but predominantly within South Wales & West Country.
12730	Julian Knight MP for Solihull and Dame Caroline Spelman MP for Meriden have since joined forces to lobby government ministers to ensure the push for green technology doesn’t jeopardise the Midlands car industry.
12731	Julian Powell commenced with an 11-spare for the winners as they won all bar two legs in the first half; Rose Millyard hitting 54 for the Cambridge crew, her total including a 9-spare.
12732	Julian Watson, landlord insurance product manager for SimplyBusiness.
12733	July 19th, 2018 - Events - Leeds - Whats on - Leeds TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12734	July 19th, 2019 - Events - Maghull - Whats on - Maghull TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12735	July 25th, 2019 - Events - Swindon - Whats on - Swindon TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12736	Jumping fun on our bouncy castle.
12737	Junction 15 (east) and Junction 16 (west) offer direct access to the city.
12738	'Junction' was dropped from the stations name in 1973 although only the totem signs were replaced with the new name ‘Ditton’.
12739	June 15th, 2018 - Events - Leytonstone - Whats on - Leytonstone TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12740	June 19th, 2018 - Events - Carlisle - Whats on - Carlisle TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12741	June 2010: Planning permission was granted for the turbine on Egilsay, by Orkney Islands Council.
12742	June 3rd, 2018 - Events - Biggin Hill - Whats on - Biggin Hill TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
12743	June is an important month for Wallingford and District Art Club.
12744	June, visitors to the Spirit of Harrogate will receive a complimentary mini Slingsby Gin cocktail.
12745	Junior Adults Theatre Company presents: 'Level Up'.
12746	Junior ISAs allow up to £4,080 a year to be sheltered tax-free.
12747	Juries were chosen with informal deference, places being tacitly conceded to wealthiest and best educated residents.
12748	Just 1-2 weeks ago my wife woke me in the early hours to ask me who I was.
12749	Just 15 minutes’ drive from central Chester, Village Hotel Chester St David's features a health and fitness club and a choice of dining options and contemporary rooms.
12750	Just a few miles north of New Quay is an attractive Georgian town planned by Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne by Act of Parliament in 1807.
12751	Just after its publication in December 1970, a bomb damaged the basement of Carr's department in St James's Square.
12752	Just after the Budget, in its April World Economic Outlook, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) forecast CPI inflation to rise to 1.9% in 2017 before settling at 2.0% from 2018.
12753	Just a glance at the statistics is enough for Millwall fans to worry about post-Wallace prospects: The attacker was involved in 11 of the 22 goals Millwall scored in his time at the club, including five assists and his goal against Blackpool (
12754	Just a mile from Llanelli’s centre, the luxury Best Western Diplomat Hotel and Spa has free parking, free Wi-Fi and a modern leisure centre.
12755	Just a quick email to say thank you for providing this service.
12756	Just as customers seek certain things from a shop they might walk into – visible products, friendly staff, central heating – they also require a website to offer them certain things if they are even to consider parting with their money.
12757	Just as my arms and neck were starting to protest, I felt myself slide out into the open – the session was over.
12758	Just as oppressed minorities rose to the forefront of these struggles, disabled people will be among those leading the revolutions of the 21st century.
12759	Just as we are, so all sections of our community are accountable for their own behaviours and actions.
12760	Just as with management of epilepsy, diabetes, severe allergic anaphylactic reactions, and cardiac arrests, we can now prevent deaths by training and empowering this wider intervention workforce of peers and family.
12761	“Just because an adaptor has room for four plugs, it does not necessarily mean you can run four things off it.
12762	Just because you’ve graduated doesn’t give you the excuse to ease up on your keep fit regimen.
12763	Just brilliant' Sunday Times'Girl-power at its best.
12764	Just can’t sign in, london UK, but don’t think location is anything to do with the status.
12765	Just choose your phone, and add AirPods once you’re in the basket.
12766	Just choose your phone, and add HomePod once you’re in the basket.
12767	Just completed a new website for Leicester podiatry clinic FootMedics (UK) Ltd. The clinic treats a wide range of foot related problems - you can see more about what they do by visiting their website at footmedics.
12768	Just don’t argue over who does the washing up!
12769	'Just entered ballot for Tom Hiddleston in Hamlet tickets.
12770	Just five minutes later, on the back of the powerful running of Jack Skelton, Sodbury were awarded another penalty.
12771	Justice Committee takes further evidence on TRThe Justice Committee will beholding its second evidence session as part of its inquiry into Transforming Rehabilitation on Tuesday 27 February.
12772	Justice Secretary David Gauke has refused to quit, despite one of the victims telling the Telegraph it was ‘disgusting’ that he forced parole chief Nick Hardwick to resign his own post.
12773	Justice was pronounced summarily at these courts, in other words, without a jury.
12774	Just imagine if I had a small grandchild or two in tow.
12775	Justine has been Professor of Mental Health and Social Care at the University of Nottingham since 2004.
12776	Justin Espie, prosecuting, said he had a public duty to apply for the full prosecution costs when “a meritless defence” had been put forward.
12777	“Just like most of us would pay a professional to deal with the legal side of a house purchase, we would expect a large proportion of consumers to be best served by enlisting the help of a professional adviser when it comes to their annuity choice.
12778	Just make sure you live for the next seven years to really enjoy it.
12779	Just north of the city is the suburb of Thornleigh, home to one of the finest driving ranges you’ll find.
12780	Just open for 2016 is the UK's most northerly Crazy Golf Course where you can negotiate the ball round "The Ring of Brodgar" or through "Maes Howe".
12781	Just passed first time at Blyth with her instructor Rob Stephenson!
12782	Just search for "RFID key pouch" on Google.
12783	Just south of Hounslow lies the Kempton Park Racecourse; over 100 jump and flat-racing events are held here each year.
12784	Just team up and think of ways to raise money.
12785	Just that someone needs to collect it from downstairs.”
12786	Just think about the next step.
12787	Just thinking about this book sends a shiver down my spine.
12788	Just thought I'd mention that Bristol is not in the county of Somerset.
12789	JUST time to say I blame for the ludicrous explosion of lovey-dom surrounding the appointment of the first female Doctor Who (a notion, as I have mentioned before, that has been about since at least the late Seventies).
12790	Just to be clear, that's unlikely to ever actually be necessary.
12791	Just turn it inside-out, put the item in the waterproof pocket, flip it back, and wear it!
12792	‘ Just under 100 yards out he thinks he sees movement in the gap, side-steps to the left and feels the vibration of a series of bullets whishing past his shoulder.
12793	Just wanted to drop you a quick email to thank you for all of your help regarding the sale of my house.
12794	Just what is needed to ride out the credit crunch and not be ripped off."
12795	K2746 CE is provided with facility for ‘clean earth’ connection.
12796	“K6” were about 1,000 professionals in an all-volunteer service.
12797	K8 may be a relative newcomer to the UK circuit but they have been around for a number of years in the Philippines.
12798	Kaneki and Touka are going to have to get them off her tail and fast.
12799	Karan and Sneha met on the Warwick campus in 2007 and were married in Goa, India on 3rd April 2013.
12800	Kara picked up the work quickly, and her attitude impressed her team and the store manager, who put her forward for a 12 week contract.
12801	Kari said: “The way we see it, the Breivik trial is not the breakthrough we were hoping for.
12802	Karishma Patel said on Twitter: “Is anyone else well and truly dazzled with Krept & Konan’s ‘Crepes and Cones’ concept?”
12803	Karl Marx in his life time was an obscure theoretical scribbler, and his death in 1883 received barely a mention in the London Times.
12804	Katharine was born just outside Madrid in 1485 to King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castille.
12805	Kath Manning of Redditch Repair Café said: “We throw away vast amounts of stuff or have it cluttering up the house, not knowing quite what to do with it.
12806	Kathryn is also a strong advocate working in support of the Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (EDI) agenda and she has chaired the Faculty’s EDI committee driving forward departmental submissions to the Athena SWAN charter.
12807	Katie Piper is calling upon people to donate any unwanted apparel and homeware to raise money for charity after donating 10 bin bags of her own cast off clothing.
12808	Katie's new employer is Care and Share Associates (CASA) - an organisation providing in-home health and social care.
12809	Katy says she was never asked.
12810	KCCLP further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Prize Draw.
12811	KCOAG was the first group of its kind in the country to be doing this kind of work and has received two national awards for its gas safety initiatives.
12812	Kc registered with a fantastic pedigree.
12813	Kebab businesses in every corner of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales are battling for gongs in 16 categories from Best Kebab Van to Best Newcomer and Chef of the Year ahead of the sixth annual awards ceremony on Monday, March 12, in London.
12814	Keegan is undoubtedly the greatest darts player to come from the Island and, at the tender age of 23, it’s safe to say he has done pretty well for himself.
12815	Keelen and Logan will always remember how funny and playful dad was.
12816	Keen-eyed readers will have noticed that the bridge has been rebuilt and now has plainer parapets.
12817	Keen to advance your strategic fundraising and management skills?
12818	Keep an eye on the horizon too – this coastline was once the haunt of smugglers!
12819	Keep an eye out for new volunteering stories on our Volunteering section – Volunteering Stories.
12820	Keep car doors locked whilst driving in built-up areas, especially if you've got bags or presents in the car.
12821	Keep going until there is one player left.
12822	Keeping a grime free screen is not only practical, but legally necessary.
12823	Keeping books low down reduces the visual clutter at eye level and can help your room to feel more balanced.
12824	Keeping it small allows our team to focus on your needs and develop a home from home environment.
12825	Keeping on top of your business finances is crucial.
12826	Keeping the outside spaces clean and tidy.
12827	Keeping the PDA at bay?
12828	Keeping the phone level when making panoramic shots, or virtual tours was trickier than expected, failing to compensate reliably for wobbles.
12829	Keeping vehicles on the road is a core part of our business.
12830	Keeping your friends up to date with your holiday fun is easy with free WiFi available throughout the hotel.
12831	Keeping your garden free of annual and perennial weeds will help keep your garden tidy and your plants healthy, but it needn't be too much of a chore with Thrive's helpful hints and tips.
12832	Keep it out of sight and don’t attract attention to it when not in use.
12833	Keep on top of everything.
12834	Keep these handy tips in mind to get the best value for money on your holiday break.
12835	Keep your eyes on Samsung’s ‘Special Offers’ section for access to a magnificent selection of deals across Samsung’s entire range.
12836	Keep your eyes peeled for more updates as our plans progress, and come and see the changes for yourself over the coming months!
12837	Keep your oral health goals in mind when choosing an electric toothbrush.
12838	Keith Robson, Age Scotland’s Charity Director, said: “Our research suggests that one in five Scottish pensioners are struggling to get by, yet many are still not aware of the help that’s available.
12839	Keith Taylor, Green MEP, Vice-Chair of the EU Intergroup on Animal Welfare, and the Green Party’s Animals Spokesperson said: “This event is aptly named: we must be more aware of how the choices we make impact on animals and the planet.
12840	Keith Vaz, the Labour MP who chairs the committee said the gangs committing these attacks were "predominantly" from Eastern Europe, including European Union countries such as Romania.
12841	Keith was helpful, friendly and quickly identified the problem.
12842	Kelkoo compares Men's Clothing from our retailers and helps you to find the best priced Men's Clothing Others summer.
12843	Kelsey Myers, from the US, hit-out at American Airlines for leaving her feeling “humiliated”.
12844	Kemble Housing has successfully maintained its reputation as being one of the nation’s highest performing associations when it comes to reallocating void properties.
12845	Kemp said: “Many speedway supporters helped to boost the fund, and I was also appreciative of people who were involved actively in speedway who sent donations.
12846	Kenmar Property Services were recommended to me by a relative and I have found them to be polite, efficient and attention to detail was very good, whilst fitting new shower cubicle etc. Would have no hesitation recommending to others.
12847	Kennycourt Stud took a fancy to another Kayf Tara colt from Cleaboy Stud & Coppice Farm’s consignment and were successful in their bid of €44,000 for the son of Glenmoss Tara (lot 895), who is a full-sister to the good chasing mare Heltornic.
12848	Ken’s a Yorkshireman but he’s been sailing the waters around Argyll and the Isles since he was a nipper.
12849	Kensington Central Library holds an extensive collection of newspapers and magazines including over one hundred titles.
12850	Ken Skates AM visited Mainstay Marine ahead of the firm finalising delivery details of a chain ferry for use on the Isle of Wight.
12851	Kent Adult Education will not accept liability for lost, stolen or damaged Gift Vouchers.
12852	Kent County Council provides a range of funding opportunities, from capital grants for sports facilities administered by Kent Sport, to arts, talents and inclusion projects.
12853	Kent Police has quashed rumours of a 'hostage incident' at Bluewater shopping centre, after panic broke out on social media.
12854	Kent Police is one of the most pro-active police forces in England with the highest number of 'live' appeals anywhere outside of London.
12855	Kent will use Earned Autonomy to secure increased integration of services to offer efficient and effective support to families, post-2020.
12856	Keogh had denied the charges, but a jury sitting at Birmingham Crown Court in March this year took just four hours to find him guilty of all charges.
12857	Kept items must be paid for within 30 days of the order being dispatched.
12858	KERB REGGAE ROAST - King's CrossGet ready to flex, whine and bogle as KERB stages a weekend takeover at King’s Cross on 29th and 30th July!
12859	Kerry announced she was divorcing George after he was allegedly arrested for assaulting her and possessing a taser gun.
12860	Kevin Brennan - Contributions - Hansard OnlineWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site.
12861	Kevin Fenton was amazing, never had such a good customer experience, 10/10 get down here if you want a car.
12862	Kevin installed a 15hp Bolinder semi and ran like that for 10 years based at Stourport.
12863	Kevin is a Criminal and Business Defence Solicitor in the Crime department.
12864	Kevin Robertson said: “After over ten fantastic years of being part of the At The Races team I feel the time is now right to further develop my involvement in the racing industry and ARC offers the perfect opportunity.
12865	Kevin's approachable, polite and friendly manner always puts the client at ease, as he professionally guides them through the processes.
12866	Key Account Manager Part Time (25 hours, Monday-Friday) Cheltenham Salary: £25,000- £30,000pa DOE My client in the centre of Cheltenham are lookin.
12867	Key benefit of this approach is individual focus can be used to address the specific challenges you are facing in your own firm.
12868	Key elements of the city’s expansion include 25 consecutive months of route expansion at Glasgow Airport, with 19 new routes opened in the last year.
12869	Key performance measures must be simple, concise and effective.
12870	Key principles covered by the Children Act 1989 in Wales include local authorities’ duties to consider whether action should be taken to safeguard or promote children’s welfare and when to initiate care proceedings.
12871	Key residues identified from 3D structures were examined by mutations.
12872	Keys areas targeted are Smart Education, Smart Economy and Smart community.
12873	Key topics: trustee recruitment, roles & responsibilities and strategic planning.
12874	Keywords might sound deathly dull but they're super important.
12875	Khalid Farid, 59, from Bermondsey, admitted fraudulently claiming tax credits, despite pocketing more than £509,000 from property sales, following an investigation by HM Revenue and Customs.
12876	Kht are pleased to offer this a set of 1 bed flats.
12877	Kian Emadi, Ethan Hayter, Emily Nelson, Charlie Tanfield and the tandem duo of Sophie Thornhill and Helen Scott are part of a strong lineup for Brisbane.
12878	Kick-off, we would remind you, is 7.30pm.
12879	Kids trikes - Kids Bikes - Plastic / WoodenJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
12880	Kids who love Princess Anna from Disney Frozen will love this sparkle doll.
12881	Kieran Smith was up next for his debut bout.
12882	Kier is working with ESG to dual this section, between Temple and Higher Carblake, creating a continuous dual carriageway and building three new ‘grade separated’ junctions to provide access onto and off the trunk road in both directions.
12883	Kier, our appointed contractor for Waste Collection and Street and Beach cleaning, can also offer a no obligation quote for a commercial waste and recycling service to businesses in the Rother area.
12884	Killarney Poor Law Union was formally declared on the 18th September 1840 and covered an area of 395 square miles.
12885	Kilmaurs Primary School pupil’s drawings of the 2066 classroom showed the reach of technology extending, with robotic teachers, virtual walls and 3D printers.
12886	Kim, I am assumiong the register you are referring to was the one at the Honnechy Cemetery.
12887	Kinder was their aiming point, too, the great moorland plateau and its gritstone crags that had become symbols of exclusive privilege and the closing of upland country to ordinary folk.
12888	Kind of like the movie "The Room" (by Tommy Wiseau) is to film.
12889	Kingfisher House Care Home in Newmarket has been accredited for a pioneering dementia care approach.
12890	King John died the same year and the Government of his successor, Henry III, sought reconciliation.
12891	Kings are pleased to offer this rarely available 2 Bedroom Mid Terraced House situated on a lovely cul de sac location of North Ormesby, Middlesbrough.
12892	Kings group waltham abbey are delighted to offer this first floor bedroom flat with ample communal parking.
12893	Kings Heath is a great place to learn to drive, with a test centre on your doorstep!
12894	Kingsmore chipped the balm to the back post to Graham who headed home but the referee deemed the striker was in an offside position.
12895	King's Prep is large enough to provide a full range of options and facilities, but small enough to create and maintain a 'family feel' where teachers know everyone really well.
12896	Kingston Grammar School is looking for an enthusiastic cleaner to join their busy team.
12897	Kirants, Makaravank and Arakelots are also fascinating sites.
12898	Kirkby Stephen is a busy town in the Eden Valley, with a supermarket, a range of shops, pubs & restaurants.
12899	Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath MP Lesley Laird experienced what is involved in delivering the post when she joined a local postwoman on her delivery round in Kirkcaldy.
12900	Kirkcaldy won their own sevens tournament at Beveridge Park last Saturday for the 12th time in all since James Heggie presented his trophy in 1950.
12901	Kirklees Neighbourhood Housing News : Get on board with KNH!
12902	Kirkwall is 16 miles from Stromness, 7 miles from Finstown and 15 miles from St. Margaret’s Hope.
12903	Kirsten Newman explores the findings and talks to train operating companies about getting it right for disabled users.
12904	Kitchener, ON, Canada LDS FHC has GRO BMD indexes from 1837-1988 with a few gaps in the 1940's.
12905	Kitchenette, customers to supply own white goods.
12906	Kitchen has plenty of appliances including cooker, fridge/freezer, dishwasher and washer dryer.
12907	Kitchen: Well equipped, including electric cooker, microwave, washing machine and slow cooker.
12908	Kit (Ellis Irving) and Joe Swann (Reginald Purdell) are variety stars.
12909	Kits are also suitable as a platform for tiling.
12910	Kitted out with everything you could need.
12911	Kitties mouth and paw objects while exploring their environment – it comes naturally and is to be expected.
12912	Kiwi Spas specialise in providing a superior range of hot tub, spas, swim spas and spa servicing to our customers across the UK.
12913	Know and understand key plant terminology.
12914	Knowing St Pancras International as one of the main railway stations from which passengers come in and out of London, it’s a good thing there’s a few attractions around the area.
12915	Knowing that, together with the automotive industry, we provide support that can turn people’s lives around, along with superb care services that enhance the lives of our residents and their families, makes us very proud.
12916	Knowing where everyone should sit is a key aspect to figure out before you start thinking about the order of service.
12917	Knowing why you should monitor and review your safety and health performance.
12918	Knowledge and experience of handling/defending personal injury claims is desirable, though not essential.
12919	Knowledge gained in this module should both support and provide inspiration for the independent research strand of the English language programmes.
12920	Knowledge of industry standards.
12921	Know More About Our World.
12922	Known as Brian Braddock, the British superhero is given powers by Merlin and his daughter Roma before leading the UK’s version of the Avengers, Excalibur.
12923	Known as Ireland’s Global University, University College Dublin (UCD) is the country’s largest and most internationally-engaged higher education body, the destination of choice for international students coming to Ireland.
12924	Known for classic hits ‘I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)’ and ‘Letter From America’, brothers Craig and Charlie Reid will showcase their back catalogue of well-loved songs along with new material.
12925	Knowsley Council has formally adopted its Core Strategy which sets out how the Merseyside planning authority will deliver 8,100 new homes and develop 164-hectares of employment land by 2028.
12926	Know what you are agreeing to before you click an online promotion as you may be agreeing to a chargeable service.
12927	Koyasan is the world centre for Shingon Esoteric Buddhism.
12928	KP Astrology India is an excellent system (Paddhati)) of astrological predictions.
12929	Krafted Interiors are brilliant Joiners/Carpenters.
12930	Kristina met dancer Vincent Simone during the 2008 series of Strictly when the pair became romantically involved.
12931	KS1 Why are some books and stories special?
12932	Kuper believes his informants are in denial.
12933	KVA (or Kilo Volt Amperes) is the total amount of electricity that you can draw from the grid at any time.
12934	K was acquitted and the case was passed to the High Court following the decision of the trial judge for definitive determination of whether a 'City Mantis' electric scooter was a motor vehicle as defined in the 1988 Act.
12935	Kynersley Management Services Limited pleaded guilty to breaching Section 3(1) of the Health & Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 and was fined £20,000 and ordered to pay costs of £1,531.
12936	La Bodega Wine Shop is an off licence selling a variety of alcoholic and other drinks.
12937	Labour includes both permanent and contractor staff.
12938	Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has a strong following among young people, even gracing the cover of magazines such as NME in recent weeks.
12939	Labour’s most popular policy was a cap on rent increases so that they can only rise in line with inflation, which were seen as a good idea by almost two thirds (65%) of Brits.
12940	Labradoodles should not be described as "designer dogs" because they have been around for a long time and therefore they have become well-established in the world of working dogs having been bred to have a biddable nature.
12941	Labs such as those in Osaka, Madrid, Copenhagen and the Future Cities Catapult in London, are bringing together the community and the public and private sectors to share data and foster innovation.
12942	La Buvette, tucked away in Church Walk, is a popular local French restaurant, and the Bingham boutique hotel in Petersham Road has a fine dining restaurant.
12943	Lace web spiders are most often found outdoors, building their webs on fences, sheds, walls and any general clutter lying about.
12944	LACEY Jean Winifred Beloved Mother, Grandmother and Great Grandmother.
12945	Lach Dennis Parish Council Skip to main contentBrowser does not support script.
12946	"Lack of affordable homes is the biggest barrier to social progress in our country today" - UK Housing Minister.
12947	Lack of Independent Software Vendor (ISV) and Hardware Manufacturers support: Many independent software vendors (ISVs) are unlikely to support new versions of their applications on Windows XP or Office 2003.
12948	Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank (name of groom) on behalf of the bridesmaids for his (brief/patronising/kind) words.
12949	Lady, I can attest to the exhausting nature of work in the retail sector.
12950	Lady Isobel (Child 4) is a particular favourite of mine, and shows the depth of research in finding suitable songs for her repertoire.
12951	Lady not agree that we should trust social housing providers to make their own judgments about what replacement is most appropriate, rather than seek to impose restrictions?
12952	Lady outlined the issues we experience every day in our constituency offices, dealing with those going through a family break-up.
12953	Lady says, but we only have to look a few miles to the west of York, to my constituency of Calder Valley, to see what the Government have done.
12954	LAG legal aid handbook 2017/18 is the one book no legal aid lawyer can afford to be without.
12955	Lakes, committed to increasing bathroom comforts with fixtures that are durable and well-designed.
12956	Lale was from a town in Slovakia, but later he was living in Bratislava working in a department store.
12957	Lally has been out in Australia since mid-January and does warm weather training each year Down Under working alongside her training partner and reigning Commonwealth champion Dani Stevens and the gold medalist’s coach Dennis Knowles.
12958	Lambeth has accepted that children were let down and has publicly apologised.
12959	Lampshire was lively but led a lone furrow up front, further goals from sub Bannister on 80 minutes and Chinnery three minutes later secured a well deserved victory.
12960	Lancashire welcomes over 67 million visitors to our wonderfully diverse county each year and in turn, this generates £4.1bn of visitor spending and supports 1 in 10 or over 59,000 local jobs in tourism and hospitality.
12961	Lancelot ‘Capability’ Brown had a natural talent for designing gardens and landscapes that fitted in seamlessly with the surrounding countryside, looking completely natural to the unsuspecting eye.
12962	Land allocations are informed by an analysis of demand for developable land set against the interests of the community as a whole and the environment.
12963	Land and property data company, Landmark Information, is conducting a series of practical workshops to help support the future generation of rural estate management professionals at Harper Adams University.
12964	LANDING AND HALLWAY The original open staircase with mahogany balustrade leads onto the first floorlanding which overlooks the original stained glass rear window and two arched side display niches.
12965	Landlords should make sure maintenance and annual safety checks on gas appliances are carried out by a Gas Safe registered engineer.
12966	Landlords - What are your gas safety responsibilities?
12967	Landlords with buy to let mortgages better off: with annual incomes more likely to be over £60,000, versus their unencumbered counterparts who were more likely to have annual incomes of less than £45,000.
12968	Landslide Geohazard: the BGS approach to identification, documentation and data storage.
12969	Land To The North Of in Vicarage Road, Swindon consists predominantly of detached houses.
12970	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.3.22 miles from Portsea.
12971	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.3.44 miles from Dewsbury.
12972	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.4.56 miles from Tipner.
12973	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.7.13 miles from Openshaw.
12974	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.7.75 miles from Newton Heath.
12975	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.8.68 miles from Staines.
12976	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.9.79 miles from Halifax.
12977	Lanes Closed : There is one of four lanes closed.3.89 miles from Tilbury.
12978	Lanes Closed : There is one of four lanes closed.5.01 miles from Trafford Park.
12979	Lanes Closed : There is one of three lanes closed.9.09 miles from Beaconsfield.
12980	Lanes Closed : There will be one of three lanes closed.6.04 miles from Goole.
12981	Lanes Closed : There will be one of two lanes closed.2.59m from Daresbury.
12982	Lanes Closed : There will be one of two lanes closed.3.83 miles from Plymouth.
12983	Lanes Closed : There will be two of three lanes closed.5.65 miles from Walthamstow.
12984	Langford's lyrics have a wild, fragmentary imagery that sometimes circle opaquely around the songs but never elucidate them fully.
12985	Langley’s No.8 gin shaken cold with fresh lemon juice and sugar charged with Veuve Cliquot Champagne.
12986	Lansbury boxing coach Adam Spelling said: “James boxed really well and controlled the contest from the beginning.
12987	Large basaltic areas are found in Siberia, Western India, Saudi Arabia and the Pacific Northwest.
12988	Large enough to fit all the accessories in, even the docking station and power supply plus your receivers.
12989	Large financial corporations are losing out to fintech startups, worsening the skills deficit, with front end development and software engineering professionals in particularly short supply.
12990	Large lumps of ice got stranded as the glacier broke up and created shallow hollows in the land.
12991	Largely responsible for helping develop your brand and setting up the navigational schemes that will be used to help users and search engines navigate your website.
12992	Large patio off the lounge which is home to your own private hot tub where you can relax and enjoy the views by day or watch the stars of a night.
12993	Large private garden to rear.
12994	Large range of cues/cases accessories, darts boards and equipment,crown green bowls,Table top 8 player poker board and chips.
12995	Larger firms with a strong economic consulting practice, such as FTI Consulting, Charles River Associate.
12996	Larger than the Field forget-me-not (above), this is the wild precursor of the garden variety.
12997	Larvae that hatch in autumn overwinter as caterpillars and pupate in the soil the following spring to produce the first generation of adults that year.
12998	Lassiter is often considered one of the true kings of pool hustling and along with the other undisputed king, Minnesota Fats, Lassiter plied his early trade in Norfolk, Virginia during the 40s.
12999	Last August, the newspaper launched its Readers to the Rescue appeal.
13000	Last autumn, Research Councils UK published a strategic framework containing its plans.
13001	Last autumn to explain the concept.
13002	Last Christmas was only kept off the number one spot by Live Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas, but the boys were soon top of the heap again with I'm Your Man and The Edge of Heaven.
13003	Last Friday night some lowlife dumped a bag of approximately ten day old black and white puppies in the rubbish bin on Woodham Way next to the Morrison Close bus stop.
13004	Last Friday the French government was forced to defend France’s credit-worthiness after Standard and Poor’s (S&P) their credit rating for the second time in as many years.
13005	Lastly, outside of the sport, describe a typical day?
13006	Lastly, to enable a closed loop supply chain, access to high volumes of quality recycled materials is required to meet brand and consumer needs.
13007	Last month Heike Schaumberg looked at Argentina's 2001 neoliberal crisis and the uprising that followed it.
13008	Last month's Pre-Budget Report forecast for 2003-04 implies an increase over last year's levels of 5.9% for the year as a whole; the latest figures show an increase over last year's levels of 5.5% for the year to date.
13009	Last month we launched a TV advertising campaign to warn customers about scams and help them avoid becoming a victim.
13010	Last orders are 11pm.
13011	Last update on 29 May 2018 - 14:44.
13012	Last week one victim with 2 children who worked part time living in a small flat paid for partly by housing benefit was asked to pay £148 a month by the LAA to get legal help.
13013	Last year, a blogger flagged the actions of “Spoofy,” a nickname for a trader or group of traders that have allegedly placed $1 million orders without executing them.
13014	Last year alone the training provider helped over 6,500 young people achieve their career ambition through its vocational training provision.
13015	Last year got in early but sadly no live music in there or anywhere else from 17:00 - 22:30 apart from the Arena.
13016	Last year, JLR's British plants - which also includes the factory in Halewood - produced 532,107 vehicles last year.
13017	Last year marked the production of our millionth shower tray!
13018	Last year saw a record amount of finishers in the world-famous half marathon, with 43,127 runners of all abilities crossing the finish line on the South Shields coast, which was won by Sir Mo Farah for the fourth consecutive year.
13019	Last year’s collection brought $6,565 bringing the six year total to $33,571.
13020	Last year's winners Tandragee Rovers are joined by 2016 runners-up United LT.
13021	Last year, the council says four drainage sumps were installed at a cost of £75,000 and a further sump will be installed this year.
13022	Last year The Trust worked with over 3,000 disadvantaged young people in the South West region.
13023	"Last year we generated £58 million for UK wedding venues."
13024	Last year, we know of at least 284 women who couldn’t get into refuges in Wales because there was no space when they needed help.
13025	Last year, we trialled running the event during opening hours; this gave EACH families the opportunity to feel more involved in museum life, but with the comfort of private respite and activity spaces.
13026	Last year we won awards for our Christmas displays, and we this year we again have plenty…
13027	Last year, Worksop-based snack firm Karkli, which was started by Gateford entrepreneur Kumar Kolar, picked up the new business award, while Bread & Roses café and caterers, Bridge Street, Worksop, was named the social enterprise of the year.
13028	Late 19th century glazed ceramic plaque, manufactured by the Clyde Pottery Company, Greenock.
13029	Late afternoon sun casts long shadows on the Drakensberg Mountains alongside the Sani Pass on the border of South Africa and Lesotho, the world's highest country.
13030	Later cuts from the same area are likely to be sulphur deficient and…
13031	Later, in August, three swans were shot dead at the canal.
13032	Later on in the afternoon it will begin to turn cloudier.
13033	LateRooms.com is the UK's leading hotel booking specialist, providing a whole host of hotel possibilities.
13034	Later stop at Granville Island, whose indoor market offers a colourful assortment of gastronomic delights.
13035	Later the Duchess was given a tour of the new state of the art facilities.
13036	Later the Who played a great two hour set with photographs of (the great) Keith Moon projected onto the backdrop as they belted out ‘My Generation’ and ‘I Can See For Miles and Miles’.
13037	Latest branding news on Creative ReviewOur website uses cookies to improve your user experience.
13038	Latest News - Under 19? Avoid paying full fare with BOB ~ Transdev: Coastliner 840 service between Malton and Whitby is Britain's most scenic bus route https://t.
13039	Latest road fuel prices published.
13040	Latin is compulsory in the Third Form.
13041	Latterly this became an increasingly heavy burden that I shed literally overnight when my breasts were removed.
13042	Laundry facilities are available in Jerman Hall.
13043	Laura also has expertise in relation to disputes between co-owners of jointly held property, and is frequently called upon to advise on applications under the Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act 1996.
13044	Laura created a Garden of Lantern Birds, inspired by bird images from all sectors of the Museum’s collection, using flat powder-coated steel.
13045	Laura Jackson: 'Mark is like my brother!'
13046	Laura said: Hi Karen, yep that's right!
13047	Lauren said: “Being part of the Conference Team is such a great opportunity, there is just so much to gain from it.
13048	Lawson-May noted that most brownfield sites can accommodate 15 homes or fewer.
13049	“Lawsy made a couple of good saves and we made some blocks.
13050	LC28 requires SL to make and implement adequate arrangements for the regular and systematic examination, inspection, maintenance and testing (EIMT) of all plant which may affect safety.
13051	Leader of Bolton Council, Councillor Cliff Morris, said: “The free demonstrations provide a perfect opportunity for people to learn some fantastic cooking tips which they can try at home, and to meet the chefs from their favourite restaurants.
13052	Leader of the Council, Cllr Rob Gledhill said: "The trees were becoming too big for the beds and growing too high and interfering with the flag pole close by.
13053	Leaders Dorchester 2nd beat visitors Letcombe by five wickets.
13054	Leadership of the service was in line with GPICS standards.
13055	Leading two out, Groundunderrepair saw off Game On in the closing stages to score by six lengths in the hands of the trainer's son, 7lb-claiming conditional Tom Greatrex.
13056	Lead responsibility for the council's communications function.
13057	Leads to a real commitment to evangelism and mission at the risk of suffering or persecution.
13058	Leafe striker Sam Clayton cut in from the right and forced a sixth minute corner from Invicta goalkeeper Tim Roberts and Ryan Fowler fired high and wide when Clayton slipped the ball to him down the right side of the penalty box after 10 minutes.
13059	Leaflets, business stationery and rubber stamps a speciality.
13060	LEAF works with farmers, the food industry, scientists and consumers to inspire and enable sustainable farming.
13061	League Secretary advised Roger that his score appeared on our email from the Agency and we have no idea why it was missed by the Sunday Independent and advised him to contact the Agency/Independent and ask.
13062	“Leah was well aware of the nature of different illicit substances and the risks attached.
13063	Leaked pics: Motorola to add 'unpatriotic' 5G to 4G phones with magnets • The Register The Register uses cookies.
13064	LEAMINGTON Carnival is inviting entries for this year's procession — Leamington CarnivalCelebrating diversity, creativity and energy.
13065	“Leamington made it difficult for us but we stuck to our plan and got the result we deserved.
13066	LEAP software has helped Sara’s firm to grow and enabled her to hire, and keep, people on a flexible basis as required, with no additional office space needed and a hot-desking culture in place.
13067	Learn about phobias.
13068	Learn about self-harm and mental health.
13069	Learn about the benefits you can get and how they are paid.
13070	Learn all about its fascinating history, hear the stories of the Loch Ness Monster and take in the spectacular surrounding views.
13071	Learn and perform a poem by heart.
13072	Learners can now access contemporary and real life research proposals to help them formulate their own titles.
13073	Learners will investigate cell structure and processes within cells, such as active transport, osmosis, photosynthesis, aerobic and anaerobic respiration, as well as DNA, protein synthesis and biotechnology, particularly genetic modification.
13074	Learn how to monitor ports and services, and set up a policy to email you when a service becomes unavailable.
13075	Learning and development professionals are always looking for new ways to make training feel more engaging; gamification takes that a step further by helping learners to actually have fun with the material.
13076	Learning Disability Today, 2012.
13077	Learning is also supported by the online e-learning system.
13078	Learning is tailored to each child, as an individual, within our broad-based curriculum allowing children to advance at their own pace.
13079	Learning outcomes will suffer—which impacts efficiency.
13080	Learn more about dementia.
13081	Learn more about the tests that can tell you.
13082	Leatherhead is a town of 12,000 people in Surrey, south east England.
13083	Leave may be granted in exceptional circumstances.
13084	Leaves hair silky soft, shiny and beautiful.
13085	Leaves no toxic residue, but can be slightly corrosive on metal surfaces.
13086	Leaves of poplar were on the road, the trees themselves bare.
13087	Leave to rest for a couple of minutes before slicing.
13088	“Leaving home for the first time can be very daunting but we hope that our advice pack will give students the information they need as they make the transition from living at home to living independently.
13089	Leaving Seathwaite Farm follow the path ahead staying on the left side of the river.
13090	Leaving the local area in the morning, join our coach and travel to your hotel.
13091	Leazes Road Library includes a set of Government Publications, this collection includes UK government reports, statistics and legislation related to education.
13092	LECTURE: Former Home Secretary is to give a lecture at Worcester Cathedral.
13093	Lecturers will have more availability for consultation through instant messaging, while students are given the option of viewing lectures at their convenience by accessing video files via the University's e learning environment.
13094	Leda Stores Ltd is a newsagent selling magazines, newpapers and various household supplies.
13095	Led by the effervescent and uber-talented vocalist Saffron (born Samantha Sprackling in 1968), Republica are still riding the crest of a rock n’ roll wave and you can see them play live at the all-day Atmosphere festival in Mossley on Saturday, May 26.
13096	LED rear combination lights The sculpted shapes of the large wrap-around rear lights unite the expressive contours and shapes.
13097	Leeds Bradford airport is the closest international airport to the Racecourse, please call 0871 288 2288 for Airport information.
13098	Leeds Building and Construction listing you would like to add to this page?
13099	Leeds Council chief executive Tom Riordan.
13100	Leeds GATE join the National Federation of Gypsy Liaison Groups.
13101	“Leeds’ tech and digital sector is expanding at a rapid rate and with the city’s digital economy showing no signs of slowing, we look forward to exciting times ahead with Platform at the centre of activity.”
13102	Leek United Building Society 3.64% discount for 2 years — Which?
13103	Lee Martin pointed to the right for Luke but then rolled it down my side, I aimed to the near post and it went in.
13104	Lee said: “It’s the best job.
13105	Left: Heather moor above Pecket Well viewed from bridlepath.
13106	Left it a bit late booking your break?
13107	Legal expenses insurers are also often happy to fund our bringing such claims.
13108	Legally Blonde The Musical is described as an all singing, all-dancing romantic comedy, and a fun-filled, feel-good pink fest.
13109	Legend has it that the Phelips children would lead their ponies up the stairs to ride in the gallery!
13110	Legislation will be introduced to improve energy efficiency in homes and businesses, to promote low carbon energy production and to secure energy supplies.
13111	Legrand Electric Limited is pleased to announce that it has today acquired CP Electronics Limited, the UK leader in energy efficient lighting controls.
13112	Legroom isn’t quite as cavernous as the longer even with the seat slid all the way back, but it’s more than adequate.
13113	"Lehana is due to give birth shortly after Lunar and is mum to two year old male Bakora.
13114	Leicester Tigers flanker Tommy Reffell says that Wales will be backing themselves in a tough group at the World Rugby U20 Championships in France.
13115	LEIGH Centurions have been drawn at home to London Broncos in the fifth round of the Challenge Cup.
13116	Leigh has 2 areas with a CPZ.
13117	Leigh Rawlins, a Sonning Common parish councillor and member of the group, said the estate would be an urban extension of Reading and place additional strain on the borough’s roads and services.
13118	Leila grew up and has spent all her life on the headland of Hoxa.
13119	Lenin and his professional revolutionaries “betrayed Russia’s national interests”, he told young activists at the annual Kremlin-run Seliger national youth forum in 2015.
13120	Lens Pitch is a barbers' shop specialising in hair services for men.
13121	Leo Appleton's PhD research explores the impact of libraries on citizenship.
13122	Leonard McDermid has enjoyed over seventy years of looking at things, and over fifty years of commenting on them in various forms and in a variety of ways.
13123	Leopold Road also has the following useful amenities: a number of pubs and a post office.
13124	Leprosy is curable with multidrug therapy (MDT) – a combination of three drugs taken daily for six to 12 months.
13125	Lessons learned were shared and preventive measures put in place.
13126	Less pain and better results.
13127	Less than three minutes into the final period Storm netted their fifth goal with Luke Moffat the marksman (42-35).
13128	Letsgoplanting, a family run online plant retail business which specialise in the highest quality customer care in the plant sector.
13129	Let's hope it's not the start of something big.
13130	Let’s hope the weather is kind to us this week, none of us want the rain to stop play on this amazing site.
13131	Let’s look at 4 voice tones, how we use them in normal life, and straightforward techniques for making them part of our public speaking toolkit.
13132	Let's look at other parts of a company.
13133	Let’s look at the arguments on each side.
13134	Lets move on, nothing to see here.
13135	Let's Ride - Cwmbran Afon Llywd 'Wildlife' ride - easy ride for new starters with an optional added kick!
13136	Let’s start running focus groups, consultation events or targeted surveys to engage people who can teach us about being LGBT with a disfigurement, BAME with a disfigurement, deaf with a disfigurement, all of the above and more.
13137	“let's you use whatever gym you want and refund, so flexible”
13138	Letter from the King to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, thanking them for their willing compliance with the present great and urgent occasions of his service.
13139	Let the fruit macerate for at least a few hours if not overnight.
13140	Let the sparks fly.
13141	Let the Taj Hotels be your guide through this most ancient yet modern of cities.
13142	Let us capture your big day.
13143	Let us have coordinated action and take it to this government.
13144	Let us help you market your Midlands property to a London audience.
13145	Let us know how many people there are in your team!
13146	Let us know what you think to these blog posts, tweet us and follow our Facebook page.
13147	Levant appears as Tressiders Rolling Mill, where the copper from the Poldark mine is processed.
13148	Level 2 (LV2) Walk: suitable for people who are looking to increase their activity levels.
13149	Level 2 technical please contact me.
13150	Level 4 Diploma in Explore one of the most dynamic and rewarding contemporary career paths, with the help of CPD courses.
13151	Level 4 Professional Accountant / Tax Technician For those who have started their career in accountancy but not got a qualification yet!
13152	Levels of a hormone when measured in hair can significantly predict the likelihood of pregnancy in women undergoing in vitro fertilisation (IVF) treatment.
13153	Levine and the 23-year-old Namibian beauty were spotted openly canoodling in Kauai, Hawaii, last weekend where they were said to be attending a friend's wedding, and have since been seen dining together in Los Angeles.
13154	Levon Chilingirian’s much anticipated violin masterclass gave seven of our senior string players the chance to have a public lesson in front of an audience with a world-class violinist.
13155	Lewes is the county town of East Sussex, famous for our independent spirit, massive Bonfire parades and historical radical resident Tom Paine.
13156	Lewis’ comments seemed slightly at odds to what Onions had said to us minutes earlier when asked how things stood.
13157	Lewis Kennedy and team celebrate a goal which was ruled off side by referee Stevie Crawford.
13158	Lewis Way was born in Buckinghamshire in 1772.
13159	Lexi is in foster and so is not at the centre.
13160	LGPS regulations and guidance: Information for administrators and employers of local government pension schemes.
13161	Liaising with the Executive Housekeeper to advertise and recruit for new housekeeping staff, ensuring that the correct process and James Places paperwork completed when conducting interviews/offering positions.
13162	“Liam is a real asset to the squad and can play in two or three different positions.
13163	Liberty Mutual Insurance (LMI) is an international insurance company.
13164	Libraries will reopen on the morning of Tuesday 3 April 2018.
13165	Licensed taxis and private hire vehicles operate in the area.
13166	Licensing Applications Premises Licence Alton Garden Centre, Arterial Road, Wickford Essex SS12 9JG have applied for a premises license to start from Oct 2017.
13167	Lieutentant-Colonel Seagrim subsequently died of wounds received in action.
13168	Life at the sea edge is unpredictable.
13169	Life here is all about being pampered.
13170	Life in Harmony will be a 12 month community outreach project dedicated to pregnant women and new mothers.
13171	Life’s a freak show – we’ve got front row tickets – sit back and watch – and pass the popcorn!
13172	Life’s an adventure with IOWAA!
13173	“Life with Indy is just so wonderful right now,” she says.
13174	Liftwand Solutions on Whetstone TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
13175	Light bites are served poolside in the Garden Pool Restaurant & Bar, with Mediterranean a la carte fare on summer evenings.
13176	Light filters through the windows, illuminating honey-coloured stone.
13177	Lighting, electrical appliances, central heating – all of it will be at your fingertips, wherever you are, courtesy of your mobile phone or laptop.
13178	Lightweight seat upholstery for easy handling and transport.
13179	Lightweight, stylish yet durable, they improve your car's handling and looks and are available in a wide range of sizes and designs to suit your individual taste.
13180	Like all cancers, it’s caused by an abnormal and uncontrolled growth of cells.
13181	Like all crayfish, they are solitary animals and are omnivorous, although their diet is mainly vegetarian they will eat anything from decaying roots and leaves to meat, including crayfish smaller than themselves.
13182	Like all of Audi's RS cars, insurance isn't cheap at group 20 for 2002-04 models and a hideous group 50 for 2008-10.
13183	Like all of our artists they are professional, have all the relevant insurances and are always happy to chat to you about song requests and even DJ options after the performance.
13184	Like all risk, work out what you can and can’t afford to be compromised.
13185	Like a lot of other breeds, the Somali likes a routine and doesn't particularly like it when this changes for any reason.
13186	“Like any club you move on.
13187	Like any good tri bike, the Transition Carbon was built with aerodynamics and fit being paramount features.
13188	Like interim determinations, they normally cover the remaining time until the next price review and the new price limits set apply from the start of the next charging year in April.
13189	Like most other online retailers we take responsibility for the security of your personal information seriously.
13190	Like most provincial towns Darlington has a rich history of community arts, passionate individuals bonding together to create art, live music or theatre simply for the love of it.
13191	Like others, I was angry with Tony Blair and George W. Bush for proceeding without approval with what was essentially an illegal invasion.
13192	Like pacemakers, you will need to avoid things that can interfere with the way the ICD works, such as airport security systems.
13193	Like their predecessors, they were hunter-gatherers who made and used stone tools.
13194	Like the listener who called in and said the only way to sort out Brexit was to send in the SAS.
13195	Like the right to erase, above, it applies if you gave consent for you personal data to be used or you agreed to a contract.
13196	Like the UK, the US needs to see better connections between its mid-size cities, proper connections between its airport hubs and nearby cities and a step up in the maintenance of its roads.
13197	Like traditional FM radio, DAB is free to listen to.
13198	Likewise, any pipe beneath the highway is our responsibility.
13199	Likewise, Scott Patterson is looking forward to donning Luke's checked shirt and baseball cap again.
13200	Likewise, the unofficial transfer of race numbers is strictly prohibited and, again, cause for disqualification.
13201	Lillington Avenue, Leamington Spa, CV32.
13202	Lily married James LANCASTER on 1894.
13203	Limavady Northern Constitution: news, sport and advertising in the Limavady Borough - ContactMake it your local newspaper now.
13204	Limavady Northern Constitution - Sports - Toland & McCloskey win Qualifiers at Roe ParkMake it your local newspaper now.
13205	“Limestone seating was added, the tunnel cleared, the factory area beautified, the cemetery tidied, the riverside enhanced, and walks refreshed.
13206	Limitations have also been imposed on the possibility to pray in Danish schools and universities, with the removal of prayer rooms being backed by, among others, the large Social Democratic Party.
13207	Limited choice.
13208	Limited companies must pay on profits.
13209	Limited quotation of Tate copyright texts or transcripts, for non-commercial research, private study, criticism and review, or use within an educational establishment, with due acknowledgement and citation.
13210	Limited sampling models to predict the pharmacokinetics of nevirapine, stavudine, and lamivudine in HIV-infected children treated with pediatric fixed-dose combination tablets.
13211	“Linc is committed to supporting charity work that our staff feel passionate about.
13212	Lincoln Ghost Walk is an award-winning event where you can learn more about the city's hauntings and supernatural past.
13213	Linda co-founded East Green Energy 11 years ago with Robbie and now takes the lead on EV Driver and originally from a banking background.
13214	Lindsay is committed to the Kiltwalk because our aim of raising funds for Scottish children’s charities has never wavered.
13215	Line manager training designed to identify problems and support employees struggling with alcohol addiction, and to demonstrate how to safeguard their employees and the business.
13216	Linkage to a wide range of health records is also under way, including data from general practices.
13217	Linking to any other service or site from this website is at your own risk.
13218	Links are provided to information that the Board has developed to provide guidance on these issues.
13219	Links to leaflets with information about local taxation are available below.
13220	Links will be made with local GPs and commissioning groups to ensure that appropriate referrals into potential pilot programmes can be made for people in each area who would most benefit.
13221	Link to the Scottish Government guidance on mygov.scot for business rates and how they are calculated.
13222	Lion Dental Centre in Stourbridge offers in-surgery teeth whitening with at-home top-ups, so you can continue to smile bright and wide.
13223	Lions number eight Joe Collingham was sin binned for a defensive offence but Harrogate failed to take advantage during his 10 minutes absence.
13224	Lions President Yorky Tuke has special praise for the Burgate winners, "There were two winning teams and they were outstanding.
13225	Liphook is a Hampshire town, a little more than 3 miles outside of Haslemere.
13226	Li-Porter is a hairdressing salon offering a range of hair treatments and products for men and women.
13227	Liquorish Pastel Pink And Cream Satchel Satchel style bag ink baby pink pastel faux leather and cream faux leather top flay.
13228	Lisa and her team invite you to stop in at the branch for an informal chat and to discuss your needs further.
13229	Lisa has been in the property industry for many year.
13230	Lisa Hughes of The Henley Bakery, that the new tea room has been a great success.
13231	Lisa is speaking out in support of the Over and Above appeal to build a new £1.5million centre where groups like this can meet in privacy for support.
13232	Lisa joined St. Margaret’s in March 2017 as Director of People and Organisational Development.
13233	Lisa said: “For the Port of Tyne, Twitter is helping us to connect with many and varied stakeholders – whether customers and prospective customers, or community groups and government ministers.
13234	Listen again below.
13235	• Listen out for tall tales of defensive plants and become immersed in the strange and beautiful world of insects and other creepy crawlies at free storytelling sessions.
13236	Listen to ball-by-ball commentary of day four of the second Test at Headingley live on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra.
13237	Listen to Professor Collins talking about the work of the NDPH in this short podcast.
13238	List examples of objectives that can be achieved through different types of groups in the document ‘Group composition and formation’.
13239	List of works in the exhibition.
13240	List your space in Barbican - it's free!
13241	Literacy: Package 3 Generic Computer -based project This is a converted version of the existing UASP available on the SQA Secure Site.
13242	Literally say “Welcome” or “You’re on the list”.
13243	Literally thousands of learners are doing this across the UK – BIG TOM Driving School who has been providing this service for years is expanding to meet the demand in Peterborough, Grantham, Sleaford, Stamford, Bourne and Spalding.
13244	Lithotrity represents the earliest attempt at minimally invasive surgery.
13245	Litigation often requires disclosure of highly sensitive commercial details.
13246	Litter and fly tipping covering the ground next to the northbound slip road of junction 2 of the A1(M).
13247	Little ones can enjoy adding up the autumn leaves then colouring them in. Helps their maths skills - plus it's fun!
13248	Little touches like the wellies were very much appreciated"
13249	Live deployment updates the build of both the public website and the private preview website.
13250	“Live-in carers are sometimes trained to cope with specific health conditions like Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s.”
13251	Live & Loud is a drama school offering acting lessons and putting on dramatic events to aspiring actors of various ages.
13252	Live near a county park where I can walk my dog.
13253	Live on stage with BBC Radio Two's Leo Green with musicians, dancers and singers.
13254	Living in a beautifully restored 19th century castle with 5 * conveniences was a unique experience we will never forget.
13255	Living in college provides a welcoming sense of community, and facilities like the library, dining hall and common room are all close.
13256	Living off grid is a way to prepare for some catastrophic events that could bring about the shortage of man's basic needs.
13257	LivingWise is provided by Reed Momenta our healthy lifestyle support joint venture initiative.
13258	Living with a low credit rating can be worrisome and render you ineligible for loans and credit cards without a high interest rate attached.
13259	Liz Bennett is a Director of Teaching and Learning in the School of Education and Professional Development at the University of Huddersfield.
13260	Liz talks below about some of the highlights this month with National Fitness Day, Jump Fit and the timetable launch; there is plenty to get stuck into!
13261	Llanfair Carnival is on Saturday, June 16, from 12.30pm.
13262	Llewelyn Morgan features in Virgil App - Brasenose College, OxfordThis website has been designed to use JavaScript.
13263	Lloyds Banking Group, one of the most domestically focused banks on the market, has remained the most popular stock for the fifth month running.
13264	Load reconstruction is a vital aspect of structural health monitoring in the aerospace industry.
13265	Local attractions include Billingsgate Fish Market, and the Museum of London Docklands at Sugar Wharf.
13266	Local authorities in England have legal powers to take action against owners who have properties that are in very poor condition.
13267	Local authority boundaries often follow parish boundaries but sometimes ignore them, which means only part of a parish may fall within a particular borough.
13268	Local businesses including BabyCakes, A Mere Cycle, Neal’s Yard Remedies, Ellesmere Library and Swanmere Day Centre took to their stalls to join in on the Christmas fun and sell their treats.
13269	Local collections and deliveries are available by arrangement, please contact us for details and prices.
13270	Local community information in North Devon - North Devon GazetteArchant Community Media Limited will only use your data for the purpose of the services you are signing up to and the marketing consent you’ve given using the check boxes.
13271	Local contractor Proscape removed the old and rotting raised bed at the school and installed new sleepers made from recycled plastic to create an easy maintenance bed.
13272	Local Facilities: Pangbourne village is only a short distance away by car with its excellent selection of specialist shops and a station giving an intercity fast train service to London Paddington.
13273	Local farmers lost an irreplaceable part of their community with the closure of the town’s fatstock market.
13274	Local government, with its democratic mandate, knowledge, experience and powers, is best-placed to ensure that it does.”
13275	Local grassroots community groups are best placed to understand the challenges in their local neighbourhoods and how to reach those who need their help.
13276	Local letting agents can also be very helpful, as long as they are experienced at renting properties similar to the one you are considering.
13277	Local media reports stated that the life-threatening experience was not new for Lopez, who is a well-known bullfighter in Spain and Latin America.
13278	Local organisations and businesses might not have the strongest websites in the world, but they can help establish your presence in the community.
13279	Local people will be involved in site by site decisions.
13280	Local Planning Authorities have legal powers to ensure that you plant a replacement tree when required.
13281	Local Public Inquiry in progress at Lysaght Institute, Newport.
13282	Local recreational facilities including riding in the Hambleden Valley, golf at Harleyford & Temple, rowing at nearby Marlow Rowing Club and the National Sports centre at Bisham Abbey.
13283	Local signs identify any other permitted vehicles.
13284	Local supermarkets include M&S Simply Food and Waitrose, whilst there is also an expansive range of independent outlets.
13285	Localtel's Jeremy Stokes: "We can cope"
13286	Local Variations in Sex Proportions.
13287	Located at the end of a cul-de-sac within the highly desirable and amenity filled village of Long Bennington is this established and spacious detac.
13288	Located at the intersection of the A1(J14) and use (J14).
13289	Located in a brand new development, featuring a stunning waterfront location, our Liverpool Mann Island office block is the perfect address to establish your business location in the City of Liverpool.
13290	Located in a cul de sac this impressive detached bungalow has extended accommodation of over 3000 sq ft which has been configured and finished to a very high standard by.
13291	Located in Bristol’s historic Harbourside area is the spectacular Bristol Aquarium which showcases native, tropical marine and freshwater creatures from around the globe in more than 40 naturally-themed displays.
13292	Located in Buenos Aires, Tegui was voted best restaurant in Argentina in 2016.
13293	Located in East Linton, Phantassie is a fantastic organic farm.
13294	Located in Hertfordshire with great transport links we provide a range of services delivering a one stop shop for Business Management skills.
13295	Located in the charming coastal town of Bembridge, The White House was built over 100 years ago as a summer villa for the current owner’s grandfather and boasts 8 bedrooms, 7 bathrooms and is just a short walk from the beach and bustling harbour.
13296	Located in the heart of central London and with two loading bays this is a perfect place to start your journey.
13297	Located in the heart of Roserrow within walking distance of Polzeath beach and Daymer bay.
13298	Located in the heart of the City of London, Chiswell Street Dining Rooms is an ideal venue to celebrate your wedding reception.
13299	Located in the town near to Carlisle cathedral and castle, the Crown and Mitre is ideally situated for walks and drives.
13300	Located next to Long Eaton Green, which has regular bus routes to Derby, Nottingham and Loughborough.
13301	Located on the central passage in the main concourse.
13302	Located within Colnbrook village this one bedroom starter home will offer a good yield for investment or an ideal first time buy.
13303	Located within easy reach of both Dalston and Hackney Central as well as good transport links in to the City, Islington and London Fields.
13304	Location couldn't be better and the kitchen is better equipped than my own.
13305	Location Guard offers three levels of noise that can be adjusted on a site-by-site basis – depending on how far from your real position you want to pretend to be.
13306	Location reporting will recommence when the Smartphone starts charging and the battery level exceeds 10%.
13307	Locations have been varied and include Nigeria, Italy, the Falkland Islands, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Barbados.
13308	Location : The A120 westbound between the A12 Colchester West and the junction with the A131 South.
13309	Location was good but that was the only positive.
13310	Loc: Derbyshire, England In a week you could enjoy yourself far more in the Lake District without trundling across to Kirkby Stephen.
13311	Lochindorb comes from the Gaelic meaning 'Loch of Trouble' and the castle has certainly had its fair share of that!
13312	Lochletter Allt Lodge, is a luxury, spacious, STB 4 Star, 3 bedroom lodge (photo on right).
13313	Locksmith Chiswick provides professional and reliable locksmith services in Chiswick, 24 hours a day.
13314	Lock your shed or garage.
13315	Loc: Manchester, England Simply saying a very belated "thank you" to all involved, both the Mountain Rescue Teams and all walkers who helped us out in whatever way, it will be forever remembered with total admiration and gratitude.
13316	Loco Windows & Fascias have served many very happy customers within the area and we will be more than happy to show our work to you in Beeston.
13317	Loc: Rotherham, South Yorkshire Spare a thought for those who have posted on this thread and who are in the middle of their C2C walk.
13318	Lodge Manager, Cheryl Hinton said: “Several of our Owners have had one-to-one lessons with Charlie and have found the sessions extremely useful.
13319	Lofty was amazing!
13320	Loganair will provide over 1,000 flights each week across 46 routes, offering unrivalled connectivity for Scotland and with operations stretching as far afield as London, Norwich, Manchester, Dublin, and Bergen in Norway.
13321	Log burner (first bag of logs for log burner and hot tub provided, additional bags £8) and full insulation to keep you warm!
13322	Log into your Secure Client Portal for secure document exchange.
13323	Log in with your free account to listen from 11am!
13324	Logistics in Lincolnshire - Express Van Logistics Ltd.This website may use cookies.
13325	Lois Moyes (22), who is from near Maryburgh, and Nicole Taylor (23) from Inverness have joined in time to work with the rest of the staff on bringing the looms back into production, weaving tartan cloth for clients from around the world.
13326	London 2017 is the biggest global sporting event to take place next summer and will bring together 3,300 world-class athletes from more than 200 countries, who will compete in 30 sessions across 20 jam-packed and action-fuelled days.
13327	“London and the South East were overpriced and I am sure it has to realign itself, and it has been doing.
13328	London Borough of Tower Hamlets (LBTH) has confirmed Cory Riverside Energy has been awarded a 10-year contract to provide waste management services to the Borough.
13329	Londoners within this age bracket are by far the most likely to escape city life with around nine in ten (88%) opting to move from their mid-thirties – more than double the percentage of Welsh workers wishing to relocate (43%).
13330	London Fire Brigade Comissioner Ron Dobson has provoked outrage by recommending striking firefighters be locked out.
13331	London Grid for Learning: Counter extremism narratives and conversationsThis resource offers information, insights and advice through a series of videos which seek to help schools navigate the difficult subject of extremism.
13332	London is essential to all of us, but perhaps the mayor and the London boroughs should set stamp duty in the capital which is more and more like a city state rather than just a capital city.
13333	London MOT Centre - "Excellent, honest local garage!
13334	London Overground performance - Transport for LondonWe use cookies on the TfL website to make it easy to use.
13335	London, UK - Business Disability Forum (BDF) is delighted to announce that Ingeus is a new major sponsor for the 2016 BDF conference ‘Recruiting and retaining disabled talent’ on 20 April at the Royal College of Nursing.
13336	London Underground is working with its delivery partner Costain Laing O’Rourke JV (CoLOR) on the Bond Street station upgrade.
13337	Longer periods of rent can be paid in advance subject to the landlord's agreement.
13338	Long established and successful Broker with a strong regional presence in the East Yorkshire market seek a Branch Director to lead a mid sized commercial business.
13339	Longevity, durability, repairability, performance and more, oh yeah, there’s lots of scope for criticism there.
13340	Long hair don't care!
13341	Longnancy's has long since entered the annals of folklore, a friendly meeting place for local people of all creeds and persuasions where points of views could be openly aired and debated.
13342	Long term cohort follow up in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States.
13343	'Long-term policies needed to tackle housing shortage'
13344	Lonsdale Sports Equipment - "The store is closed"
13345	Looe, just nine miles away, boas a beach and a harbour.
13346	Look advanceed to far added agreeable from you!
13347	Look at body language.
13348	"Look at me", it says.
13349	Look at some of the situations that have unfolded this season.
13350	Look at the photograph now; not sealed and already lifting.
13351	Look at your workflows, and speed up your processes.
13352	Look beautiful mixed togetherWe have the three Shibori tiles in our new kitchen and love them.
13353	Looked after children are one of four priority areas in our current strategy for policing young people and we are determined to treat them with the respect, fairness and understanding they deserve.
13354	Looked at like that, everything is reversed.
13355	Look fire with boohoo Beauty offers, in a league of their own!
13356	LOOK has also won the Bike of the Year award in France 4 times, the Design Star award several times, and the 2010 German IF Design award.
13357	Looking after three generations both time-wise and financially can be a difficult task – but with PMI in place your client’s employees can avoid waiting lists, ensuring that time is spent on those who need it the most – supporting their families.
13358	Looking around campus at this time of year, it's easy to tell that the time has come for the Warwick SU elections.
13359	Looking at old films of football matches from four decades ago, one of the things that catches your eye is the old lace up leather football, and which looks much heavier than a modern football.
13360	Looking back at the ridge top from here, the outcrops of hard rock resemble a few well spaced teeth, or the crest of a cockerel.
13361	Looking back the key was to keep it short and relevant, this allowed me to develop questions in my own time and ask about what I found interesting.
13362	Looking back to Owl Swing Bridge, Calverley.
13363	Looking down the precipitous slopes to Hebden Water…
13364	Looking east from Lock 17w, Mossley, towards Division Bridge.
13365	Looking east towards Connaught Road Station.
13366	Looking eastwards from Lock 8w, Staley Hall Lock, towards the new stone bridge between Heyrod and Millbrook.
13367	Looking for advice on health or social care services in Orkney?
13368	Looking for an events hall planner who can assist you in organizing a successful event or party?
13369	Looking for a perfect gift to present for tea or coffee drinker.
13370	Looking for a room full time let 7 days a week ASAP with females preferred must accept dogs as I have a Pug.
13371	Looking for a Suzuki Grand Vitara XL7 Car Battery?
13372	Looking for a way to give yourself an edge in today's crowded job market?
13373	Looking for cheap train tickets?
13374	Looking for ideas on what to see and do in London this Easter?
13375	Looking for the perfect product?
13376	Looking for trading information?
13377	Looking forward to 2018 New Years Eve.
13378	Looking forward to the film and more books by this fab author.
13379	Looking into our data from the last four years, we were also able to highlight the baking hotspots, with The South East - home to the last two winners of The Great British Bake Off - proving particularly popular with bakers.
13380	Looking out from the viewpoint of the Spink over the Upper Lake at Glendalough.
13381	Looking over the cliff you may catch a glimpse of primitive English goats that have been released to wander wild in the area as a means of combating the over-prolific growth of cotoneaster plants that have become a problem in the area.
13382	Looking over the wall from the towpath along the original line of the canal.
13383	Looking south at the site of Brymbo Station in January 2010.
13384	Looking to Buy a Business in Wiltshire?
13385	Looking to meet a special lady.
13386	Look in the Toolbox (left hand pane of the screen) and click on the Button control.
13387	Look no further as you're on to a winner with this one.
13388	Look no further than this fantastic CompTIA Server + course.
13389	Look online at reviews of taxi businesses in your local area to see what complaints customers have and how you could improve upon their service.
13390	Look out for bottlenosed dolphins along the way.
13391	Look out for cribs with a drop side if practicality is a priority for you, as these make it easy to pick up and comfort your child.
13392	Look out for our analysis of next week’s Autumn Statement from the Library; including a on the current economic situation, public finances and infrastructure that we will publish later today.
13393	Look out for the legendary Lorelei, the fateful slate rock from which sirens were said to have lured sailors to their deaths.
13394	Look out for wildlife including red squirrels, tits, finches, willow warblers and blackcaps.
13395	Look out later in the year for an announcement about the 2014 competition.
13396	Looks as good as new, never used in the rain.
13397	Looks great in our ensuite bathroom.
13398	Looks like a lot of people have crushes on Huw – and we can’t blame him at all.
13399	Looks very good at first but did'nt retain its luster even though cleaned regular.
13400	Looks wise the handsome lines and sloping roof go a fair way to make it stand out from the usual Russian Doll Audi model plan.
13401	Look through your data sharing list.
13402	Look to provide insight and information that is useful and relevant about the commercial property market.
13403	Loose design in choice flowers with foliages.
13404	Lord Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon: My Lords, Germany has provided a refuge for more than 1 million refugees.
13405	Lord Austin of Longbridge was born in 1866 and in 1884 went to Australia, where he obtained his engineering training.
13406	Lord Cobham was an aristocrat of the old school.
13407	Lord Forsyth of Drumlean: I am very grateful to my noble friend, but he cannot stand up and say, “We ought to have a more generous period”, and then not say what he thinks will be workable.
13408	Lord Lonsdale declared the bridge and park open, and then unveiled the cenotaph.
13409	Lord Paul Bew on delivering core policing values - leadership and accountability.
13410	Lord Young of Norwood Green: Towards regulations devolving the enforcement of the national minimum wage to local authorities, as proposed in Amendment 68ZR.
13411	Lorna Lodge is purpose-built accommodation with 16 self-contained, fully-furnished flats.
13412	Lorna''s Craft Parties offers craft parties and face painting to clients throughout Renfrewshire, East Renfrewshire and Glasgow.
13413	Lostwithiel has a branch line where trains still run to Fowey.
13414	Lot 139 - This lot is for sale by auction as lot 139 on Thursday 31st May 2018.
13415	Lot 1 field 0509, Lot 2 field 4250 and Lot 3 field 5949 are crossed by an underground electricity cable.
13416	Lothian Cat Rescue is a charity shop selling a variety second-hand items such as clothes, kitchenware and furniture to raise money for a good cause.
13417	Lots of big, small and see-through balloons filled with confetti are essential to a summer wedding.
13418	Lots of companies now take part in where they will match the amount of fundraising an employee does for a charity (up to a pre-determined level), thereby doubling your total.
13419	Lots of our wine bars will be putting on tastings throughout July and August, showcasing benchmark wines from iconic regions and refreshing styles for summer.
13420	Lots of people will say that great though the Olympics were and fantastic though the buildings were and so on, the really defining characteristic of the London Olympics was the volunteers.
13421	Lots of vineyards round here, all great!
13422	Lotto results: What were the winning numbers for National Lottery and Thunderball on Saturday, April 14Dreaming of a life of luxury?
13423	· Louise Jordan - fuelled by an untamed spirit, her music is authentic and timeless, underpinned by an unassuming natural elegance that places simple honesty alongside bold imagination!
13424	Louise Rosen is a Something To Look Forward To gift recipient who has chosen to give back to our charity.
13425	Louise, what makes you think I will take the Tamoxifen?
13426	Louise you always make me laugh!
13427	Lou is particularly keen to engage with people who work across genres or between the disabled and non-disabled platforms.
13428	Lounge bar serving bar meals.
13429	Love and miss you always and forever Kim, Mark and Julie xxxxxx"
13430	"Love can help and heal when nothing else can.
13431	Love Island winner Kem Cetinay has revealed that he was forced to leave school as a teenager due to his battle with anxiety in a movingly honest interview.
13432	Love it or hate it personally, there is no doubting its success in community building.
13433	Love leggings, but not sure how to style them?
13434	Love love love this blind company but live a long way away so like to look at website before placing.
13435	Lovely fabric, flattering neckline and long enough to keep my midsection covered.
13436	Lovely location and views.
13437	Lovely lychee fruit mixed with lime and citrus fruit.
13438	Lovely quiet secluded cabin with everything you need.
13439	Love my hair dresser Sophia she done my hair perfectly always on time and gives advise also engaged in conversation to keep you going and oh how the time pass quickly.
13440	Love Parks' aim is to ensure residents and visitors use local parks and protect these important, precious green spaces.
13441	Love seeing the success of people and shops like this!
13442	Love the idea of a whole staff of shepherd employees, must request that from my mother.
13443	Love, who started the band with his cousin Brian Wilson, said: “We’re blessed because we took a family hobby and made it into a career.”
13444	Lovingly remembered and sadly missed by daughter Lorraine and family.
13445	Low angle footage of a section of the Delta topside seen against a background of blue skies.
13446	Lowden is a new office complex that was designed and built in 2011 to meet SQA’s specific business needs.
13447	Lower % of day visits for: VFR, special shopping, meal, night out, ‘other’ leisure, sports participation, beauty/spa/healthcare, exploring an area and ‘other’ activity not mentioned.
13448	Lower % of trips of length 4-7 nights.
13449	Lower-quality assets include many state-controlled enterprises and companies listed in countries with little or no respect for property rights.
13450	Lower sixth physicists attended a Physics in Action day at Warwick University and were treated to a stimulating series of lectures.
13451	Lowestoft's Callum White and Merstham's Reece Hall challenge for possession.
13452	Low-income families are defined as those who are entitled to due to their low income (whether the family is claiming these or not), or those who have an annual household income of less than £16,190 before deductions.
13453	Lowland meadows are taken to include most forms of unimproved neutral grassland across the enclosed lowland landscapes of the UK.
13454	Low level w.c. radiator, wash hand basin within vanity unit, extractor, shaver point, tiled splash backs, panelled bath with mixer tap shower attachment over.
13455	Low oestrogen levels can sometimes affect your ability to locate the cervix and be able to take an adequate sample.
13456	Low operating temperature, allowing long distances to be covered at a sustained speed.
13457	Loyalty scheme and gift certificates available on request.
13458	LS advised he would always consult with at least 2 others if the decision was a big one.
13459	LS confirmed that he is correct he had not done it before and the new system was put in place to allow the officers to charge the clubs who break the rules under their remit.
13460	Luckily, all of the kittens have now been rehomed, although Cats Protection’s Mere and Gillingham branch are keen to express the importance of neutering.
13461	Luckily, our travel insurance can offer everything you need to quickly rectify your situation, so you can carry on enjoying your holiday.
13462	Luckily, this is where technical analysis comes handy.
13463	Luckily, this was quickly discernible because the customer had used a blue-coloured cistern block.
13464	Luckily we both have good health - except for the usual aches and pains that come with age.
13465	"Luckily we had a great animator in Luca Paulli who helped us crack some of the rigging conundrums that threw up.
13466	Luckily, we won’t have to wait long for the first answers when the cars hit the track in anger in Melbourne, on 20th March.
13467	Lucky for him he was a wealthy man, but for those of us who like to keep the size of our unexpected bills to a minimum we can certainly take a lesson from this experience.
13468	Lucy’s husband Tim is studying full-time at Oak Hill Theological College so when not at FIEC she attends lectures, helps at their church and has recently set-up a small business selling clothes and art.
13469	Lucy Watson drunk texted Jamie “you know I love you” which gave the fella false hope.
13470	Luggage tags handed over pre-honeymoon for their first flight as a Mr & Mrs; his’n’hers dressing gowns or how about a posh slate cheese board complete with the newlyweds initials?
13471	Luke Milton, om his 150th appearance for Malvern, was proving influential and handed the ball to Dan Batty who powered through to score.
13472	Lumefantrine and desbutyl-lumefantrine concentrations, implemented in an Emax model, both predicted treatment outcomes, but lumefantrine provided better predictive power.
13473	Lunch (noon to 3:30 p.m.) includes salads and light dishes such as smoked salmon and paninis.
13474	Lupin is registered with British Waterways with number 62769 as a powered craft (14BHP) with a composite / iron hull built by Fellows Morton & Clayton (FMC) at Saltley - date not known.
13475	Luton Town have played some exciting football on their way to sealing League Two promotion under Nathan Jones.
13476	Luxurious en suite rooms with free Wi-Fi and parking are complemented by a brasserie restaurant and bar.
13477	Luxury accommodations, served meals, and having someone do the itinerary planning for you are all wonderful things, but without a stellar staff, such as we had aboard the Viking Gefjon, none of that would matter!
13478	Luxury riverboats, on the other hand, will lack the spacious cabins found on its oceangoing counterparts but will still offer things like high-end bath products in your cabin and designer china in the dining room.
13479	Lydia, Dean and Robyn don't know each other yet but when they slowly find their way into each other's lives, everything starts to change.
13480	Lyreco offers an end-to-end Workplace Solution, we provide to a multitude of different businesses across all sizes.
13481	Mac Aeda, who is out of the Step Together mare Altogether Now, was bred by his trainer Malcolm Jefferson and won a bumper on debut in May 2009 at the age of five.
13482	Macclesfield residents report GREEN tapwaterUnited Utilites have assured residents the water is safe to drink, and is likely to be caused by copper piping in the home.
13483	Macclesfield’s Charlie Watch visited Park Royal School as part of National Brake Road Safety week.
13484	Macdonald Forest Hills Hotel & Spa details have been saved to your shortlist.
13485	Macdonald Hotels are dedicated to giving their guests the very best luxury getaways at astounding value, which is why they keep a constantly rotating selection of offers to give you the gift of choice when booking your stay.
13486	Machine learning based systems can use both classical and non-classical algorithms.
13487	MACLENNAN – Special memories of our Uncle Kevin.
13488	Maddie’s team-mates naturally speak Dutch to each other but English to her.
13489	Made before Israel’s withdrawal from Gaza in 2005, there was much prayer that Israel would do God’s will regarding Gaza, and a warning of the possible consequences of disobedience.
13490	Made by Limelight, the bed has been upholstered in luxurious mink coloured fabric.
13491	Made for Rank Films in colour and for TV in black and white.
13492	Made for the most sensitive skin, our Organic Olive Oil soap bar is a very gentle, natural way to remove all trace of dirt and grime from hands, body and face, without stripping the skin of vital natural oils.
13493	Madelaine often attends a family history group at Gants Hill Library, and through this and her time spent at the heritage service, she has found a social aspect to researching.
13494	Made up of apprentices, graduates and job seekers with entry level skills in production running, social media, admin and marketing support, SharpFutures POD fulfils a valuable function.
13495	Made with an extremely lightweight and breathable fabric for better performance, you will feel cool and comfortable in these capri running tights with the use of DryLite technology.
13496	Madrid is also home to world class restaurants, hundreds of swanky bars, museums, art galleries, shops, and not to mention the premiership football team Real Madrid.
13497	MAE Lecturer and Advanced Composites Group researcher Dr Liu Yang was recently invited to attend the Research Awards Reception at the Royal Society of Edinburgh (RSE).
13498	Maelstrom will allow some of our younger visitors the chance to try out something more daring with a parent, so there will be age appropriate themes to choose from for those pirates still in training.
13499	Magazine, a publication aimed at alumni and the business community, showcases not only the range of courses on offer and the University’s research, but also highlight’s MMU’s crucial ‘third stream’ work.
13500	Maggie is key here, but also important is Uncle Pat, who seems to be a kind of Armagh version of the poet Seamus Heaney, complete with classical Greek allusions.
13501	Magistrates were told the couple contacted the council's trading standards team, handing over the photo.
13502	Magnetic Letters Set 2 - Phonics - Literacy - Curriculum Resources - The Consortium Educationhttps://www.
13503	Maguire, about to enter the final year of his contract with Hull, looks set to become Craig Shakespeare’s first signing since he put pen to paper on a three-year contract as full-time Leicester boss last week.
13504	Mahmoud Abbas is said to have achieved his major goals by forcing Dahlan and his supporters out.
13505	MAIDENHEAD RFC were crowned South West One East champions following a 38-19 success at relegated Reading Abbey.
13506	Maids face a must-win fixture at fellow Conference strugglers Tonbridge Angels tomorrow (7.45pm).
13507	Main construction works starts in October and will complete in 2017.
13508	Mainline train services are provided from High Wycombe, Haddenham, Thame Parkway and Princes Risborough.
13509	Mainly laid to lawn, steps up to path to front door, low level brick wall.
13510	Mains gas central heating, Vaillant ecoTEC boiler, new in 2012.
13511	Mains include roasted turkey breast with wild boar stuffing; pork belly with braised apricot pig’s cheek croquettes; beetroot Wellington with sautéed stem broccoli in a mushroom and Brie sauce; and duo of mackerel with celeriac rémoulade.
13512	Maintain the voucher value at the week 15 level, until the start of Statutory Maternity Pay (SMP) or Maternity Allowance (MA).
13513	Maintenance and upkeep of grounds, insurance of buildings is covered under a maintenance charge.
13514	Maintenance loans for students at National Colleges – the Government intends to consult on these loans in due course.
13515	Maintenance Painter and Decorator - Portsmouth Based - £13 - £15 p/h Experience of Void Maintenance within the Social Housing sector is a must.
13516	Maisonette for sale - Perfect for downsizers or investors alike, this one double bedroom first floor maisonette comes to the market with the added benefit of a private rear garden and a sought after location.
13517	Maisonette for sale - Very good condition 2 Bedroom maisonette.
13518	Maison Scotch Long sleeve top with rib neckline.
13519	Maize stocks were at the highest level since at least the start of this century but were still below trade estimates.
13520	Majlis al Jinn is a single chamber measuring about 310 meters by 225 meters, with a domed ceiling 120 meters high.
13521	Make a cute photo frame using craft sticks.
13522	Make a note of the badge or ticket number.
13523	Make a payment online or find out more about other ways to pay, such as direct debit.
13524	Make a qualifying deposit of €5* or more and claim the offer within 30 days of registering your account to qualify for a 100% matched amount in Bet Credits, up to a maximum of €100*.
13525	Make cheques and postal orders payable to the London Borough of Hackney.
13526	Make easy cash for Christmas - WeBuyBooks.
13527	Make it your perfect Christmas venue, with a range of dates throughout December and purpose-built space to cater for parties of 25 - 1,000.
13528	Make Mother’s Day Special this year.
13529	Make no mistake, to be living with cancer is to be living in a war zone.
13530	Make our corporate processes more efficient and scalable using our ERP system.
13531	Make recommendations to the Committee on appropriate action to be taken on matters arising from proven breaches.
13532	Make sure clients are always in the loop: Running a survey for someone else?
13533	Make sure everyone in your home knows – and has practised!
13534	Make sure exits are kept clear of obstructions, and doors to stairways are not damaged or faulty.
13535	Make sure that any remote access services you need to run are limited as far as possible by their configuration and that passwords are changed from the defaults and are as secure as possible.
13536	Make sure that each tribunal member and your opponent has a copy of your file.
13537	Make sure that no heavy, sharp or damp objects are placed on the furniture surfaces.
13538	Make sure that the slider is set for "medium".
13539	Make sure that you include a key on any diagrams that use symbols, including any you have created your self.
13540	Make sure that you’re using a secure website before entering any personal details.
13541	Make sure the scenario is to your taste and not too cheesy as this is the starting point of the performance.
13542	Make sure the total amount deducted through this and previous deductions is not more than the total amount stated in the notice.
13543	Make sure this total doesn’t include any personal, non-business use of phones, premises or other resources as these are not counted as allowable.
13544	Make sure to check this page often.
13545	Make sure you choose the right conjunction.
13546	Make sure you contact your new ISA provider to arrange the transfer, rather than withdrawing money and moving it yourself.
13547	Make sure you do your homework and budget carefully beforehand.
13548	Make sure you dress appropriately, looking smart and presentable – a must if you want to appear confident and prepared in the eyes of your potential employer.
13549	Make sure you haven't got a space or a punctuation mark after the last character of the postcode.
13550	Make sure you inflation proof your benefit level.
13551	Make sure you know how you are getting home - and are not relying on your date to facilitate this.
13552	Make sure you leave room for the cheeseboard; a selection of melt-in-the-mouth cheeses, all sourced from local farms and dairies.
13553	Make sure you provide back up for the claims in your responses — you cannot rely on the evaluator to take your word for it.
13554	Make sure your child understands what unacceptable physical closeness and activities are, including being photographed inappropriately.
13555	Make sure your company is registered with Google My Business, and has an active online presence to stay involved!
13556	Make sure you take along a packed lunch and a drink.
13557	Make sure you’ve screened your social media presence and check the content you’re sharing (is it relevant to the industry you’d like a career in?
13558	Make time for your dog so he doesn’t feel pushed out when the baby arrives.
13559	Make up to five free transfers a month for free with WorldRemit.
13560	Make your gear cable completely waterproof with this kit - covers bare sections of wire against the elements.
13561	Make your money stretch even further the next time you’re shopping with Cannon UK by sticking to the ‘Offers’ section of the website.
13562	Make your revision easy and small, then it seems less intimidating.
13563	Make yourself some cash and sell your items at a local car boot sale or donate to friends and family.
13564	Making an archive travel: how the Women’s Art Library (WAL) app…
13565	Making a will gives you the opportunity of saving inheritance tax liability.
13566	Making Communities Work & Grow (Kensington & Chelsea) - £26,625 to deliver outreach for 24 weeks followed by group workshops, one-to-one sessions and general youth centre provision for 40 young BAME men in Kensington and Chelsea.
13567	Making safeguarding referrals to the DBS.
13568	Making sense of all this data, deriving new insights and supporting better decisions requires not just new methods and techniques but also posing smarter questions.
13569	Making sure that employees have a great impression of your business is arguably even more important.
13570	Making Tax Digital is a key part of the Government’s plans to make it easier for individuals and businesses to get their tax right and keep on top of their affairs - meaning the end of the annual tax return for millions.
13571	Making the loft warm is not a substitute for a full professional conversion.
13572	Malamutes don't need to be bathed too frequently and if they do, it's best to leave this up to a professional groomer who would be able to make sure a dog's coat is thoroughly dried after they've been bathed.
13573	Malay folklore is full of accounts of how the mousedeer gets the better of the other animals by his intellect and trickery.
13574	Malcolm added: “We wouldn’t be here were it not for our customers and these awards are recognition both for everyone’s hard work in the cafe and the continuing loyalty shown to us in Fraserburgh.
13575	Male antagonism erupted into a riot when a suffragist-inspired vote was to be taken about the right of women to graduate.
13576	Male graduate research students in their second year and above, and postdoctoral researchers and contract research staff.
13577	Male in a light Blue Lexus acting suspiciously in the area.
13578	Male seen or heard singing on one survey date only.
13579	Males in Surrey working full time earned 21% more than females working full time.
13580	Male vocals with guitar, chorus.
13581	Malpractice insurance covers purely economic losses as well as claims involving injuries and property damage.
13582	Maltings loft is an impressive three bedroomed first floor apartment, over looking both the River Witham and the park opposite.
13583	Manage and plan the various stages of a change, review completed changes, create templates for preapproved and standard changes, notify the change advisory board (CAB), and more in the ServiceDesk Plus MSP software.
13584	Manage contributionsManaging contributions overviewPaying a completed contribution schedule What if a member opts out after I’ve made a Direct Debit payment?
13585	Managed wildlife meadow The Friends of Hailey Park were awarded a Green Flag Community Award in 2013 for their meadow management work.
13586	Management, engineering and development consultancy Mott MacDonald found fault with the way Ofcom monitors complaints from customers about being wrongfully sold a service or being switched from one provider to another without their consent.
13587	MANAGEMENT representatives and union leaders at the McDermott oil fabrication yard near Ardersier met the new Minister of State at the Scottish Office during his first official engagement in September.
13588	Manager About the role You could become part of a large FM service provider in a key position on a hugely prestigious critical service contract based in Canary Wharf.
13589	Manager/Administrator: Scheduled Jobs and Marketing forms both incorrectly displayed items labelled as “-None-“.
13590	Managers ask questions about execution; leaders ask questions about direction."
13591	Manager Scooter Braun also teased that Ariana’s upcoming release would focus more on her vocals than ever before, explaining to VarietyShe has such an extraordinary voice and it’s time for her to sing the songs that define her.
13592	Managers provided good leadership of the teams and were knowledgeable about the service.
13593	Managing Director, Sue Chapman, added: “We understand how important it is to be able to move at a fast pace, deliver the very best level of service to differentiate yourself from the competition.
13594	Managing Health and Safety in the workplace is one of the most important considerations for School Business Leaders.
13595	Managing medication means the ability to take prescribed medication in the correct way and at the right time.
13596	Managing your accountI want to apply for an overdraft who do I contact?
13597	Manchester City were initially interested in the Brazilian in January but have seemingly stepped aside to allow their rivals to swoop.
13598	Manchester United will face Ajax Amsterdam.
13599	Mandeep was ready prepared, and the car was outside looking superb.
13600	Mandy Thompson being presented with a bouquet by Emily Aston.
13601	Manguele admitted that “nobody is satisfied” with the results from the massive advertising campaigns on AIDS, “but if we hadn’t done that advertising the situation would have been much worse”.
13602	Manigent is a specialist Governance, Strategy, Risk & Compliance (GSR&C) consultancy which delivers consultancy and training solutions to the Financial Services and other regulated industries within the UK & Europe.
13603	Manor Road in Farnley Tyas, Huddersfield consists predominantly of detached houses.
13604	Man’s association with dogs and horses goes back into the mists of time, due to their roles as working animals and status symbols.
13605	Mantica also said that Italy will finance a pilot project for computerising the services of the Mozambican public administration to the tune of $10 million.
13606	Manufacture was on a small scale and the quality of finish was very high.
13607	Manufacturing code of this product is 7038.
13608	Manufacturing is predicted to dominate innovation strategies for the next decade with companies desperate to capitalise on robotics/cobotics, intelligent systems, big data, analytics and more.
13609	Manuka Doctor ApiRefine Radiance Serum is a luxurious finishing serum that works immediately to boost your skins radiance for an even complexion.
13610	Manuscripts should be double-spaced throughout including the references section.
13611	Many activities count as caring.
13612	Many adult insects die at the end of summer or autumn, leaving their eggs or pupae under plant litter, in soil, or in bark crevices during winter.
13613	Many babies will not survive this trip and parents will not be able to visit their babies due to the long distance and difficulties with transport in this area.
13614	Many businesses worry that data lists will be too expensive and make their campaigns unaffordable, but this doesn’t have to be the case at all.
13615	Many campaigners also have experience of contacting their councillors and therefore it is an easier step for some to take rather than engaging with new health bodies.
13616	Many common medications are known to have so-called anticholinergic properties.
13617	Many companies own their own vehicles and some act as agents for private individuals.
13618	Many departments will begin adopting GOV.
13619	Many designs use a 'heatpipe' system to draw heat away from these components, with a single fan cooling a heatsink which is attached to the heat-pipes.
13620	Many different types of lubricant can be purchased online, which can make it easier if you feel awkward buying them in a shop.
13621	Many doctors (maybe as many as 15) had joined and left.
13622	Many estate agents in Penzance cater to those wanting second homes in the areas around the town.
13623	Many existing Subcontractors will hope to become Prime contract holders and have applied for Direct contracts.
13624	Many front mudguards aren’t long enough to keep your feet dry.
13625	Many fulfillment houses will charge on a per-piece basis up to a set quantity, so that you can confirm up front that each order will still be profitable for you, even after shipment.
13626	Many have expressed surprise that some workers do not receive normal pay for periods of annual leave.
13627	Many host children’s productions throughout the year with appearances from Ben and Holly, Peppa Pig and The Gruffalo all popular listings.
13628	Many hotels have swimming pools and leisure facilities which are suited to being heated by an air source heat pump which offer quick returns on the investment as swimming pools have high heat demands all year.
13629	Many jobs that people do today would still have to be done in a socialist society, but we believe that the poverty, alienation and oppression that create the conditions in which the sex industry flourishes would wither away.
13630	Many markets offer a buy-and-collect service for Christmas foods.
13631	Many Members of the other place represent diverse communities today, from constituents with rural and urban communities to those containing the speakers of dozens of different languages, all of whom have their different cultural identity.
13632	Many midwives took up the job to earn a living after being widowed.
13633	Many mixed drinks combine alcohol with energy drinks, but a new study using mice has revealed that this mixture could cause changes within the brain.
13634	Many national chains and local funeral directors will not publish their prices on the web, we have a policy of total transparency.
13635	Many new startups continue to lose their staff to bigger firms leading to high employee turnover.
13636	Many of last year’s winners were on show at the launch of the Norfolk Hero Food & Drink Awards 2018 today.
13637	Many of our environmental problems are related to population growth.
13638	Many of our members are already leading the world in the fields the chancellor identified - driverless and electric vehicles, artificial intelligence and the discovery of new drugs.
13639	Many of our pupils excel at sport and we regularly produce county and national standard athletes.
13640	Many of our regular customers constantly tell us how relaxed and pleasant the place is.
13641	Many of our students discover sporting abilities they never knew they had, simply through joining a college team, often progressing to play at University-level and beyond.
13642	Many of the features of marketing automation can be underused, which is a waste when so many great options are available to increase engagement and response.
13643	Many of the hotels in Cowal have a historic past and are bursting with character and unique features.
13644	Many of the kids had never seen a lamb or sheep before so thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
13645	Many of the lakes contain ten of metres of organic-rich muds.
13646	Many of the methods are portable allowing measurements to be made in-situ.
13647	“Many of the questions presented to Ageas revolved around their relationship with Halo, the smart repair business.
13648	Many of these booklets are available as reference copies at TNA or at SoG.
13649	Many of these species are suffering because of changes in our countryside but these declines would go unnoticed if it wasn’t for the vital work of volunteer wildlife surveyors.
13650	Many of the Topman stores are partnered with their sister brand Topshop.
13651	Many of us are familiar with the Christmas Nativity scene celebrating Jesus' birth, but there are other scenes that remind us of the holidays as well.
13652	Many of your respondents may not be native speakers of the language of your country, so consider preparing your survey in multiple languages, especially if your business caters to international travellers.
13653	Many organisations are supplementing existing recruitment and selection processes with additional tools such as psychometric assessment but how reliable are these tools?
13654	Many people also notice the pain is worse at nights than at any other time of day.
13655	Many people are very lonely and don’t have anybody to open up to, so the marvellous thing about Cruse is that they are a shoulder to lean on.
13656	“Many people have specific wishes about their end of life care or what they would like to happen to them after their death, but they are reluctant to discuss them, making it much less likely that they will be met.
13657	Many people in the car industry and finance industry use Flat Rates but a flat rate is half the APR roughly, so someone quoting 6% flat will have an attached APR of 12% or more.
13658	Many people notice their sleep is better if their circadian rhythms (body clock) are less upset by artificial lighting.
13659	Many people opt for a white ceiling, but this can backfire slightly in different lights.
13660	Many people worry about living alone in case there is an emergency.
13661	Many popular websites are simply spelt incorrectly, and squatters are well aware of this fact.
13662	Many prescription and over-the-counter medications can impair your ability to drive safely, by causing drowsiness or affecting reaction times, coordination, concentration or vision.
13663	Many registered sites, companies and suppliers already play a huge role within their communities in raising safety awareness, and supporting Road Safety Week alongside current efforts will serve to reinforce the important message of safety.
13664	Many restaurants have an Aldaris advertising on the outside of their buildings.
13665	Many socialists would be unwilling to take lessons from a former prime minister in François Mitterrand's disastrous administration.
13666	Many software applications that run on Windows NT, 2000 or above run as windows services, running as background processes with no direct user interface and no logged-on user (e.g. as a server).
13667	Many start in Kindergarten, Reception or in Year 3 from local primary or independent schools.
13668	Many substantially alter and, in some cases extend, the boundaries of their property without seeking consent from their co-freeholders.
13669	Many thanks also to Ernest Jackson for their continuing support.
13670	Many thanks to both for answering any questions our guests had, and for acting as our special guests for the day – it really was a pleasure having you both.
13671	"Many times, the sales discussion would start with someone in the IT department.
13672	Many traditional fashion stores refuse to accept that the average size man is no longer 34-inch waist and 40-inch chest!
13673	Many walkers break the journey across the ridge with an overnight stay at either Llanthony Priory with its 11 century Augustinian Priory or, on the other side of the ridge, Longtown with its 12 century Norman motte-and-bailey fortification.
13674	Many women find that they can still have orgasms, it just takes longer and can need more stimulation.
13675	Map for Summer Courtyard Cinema Club : Mars Attacks!
13676	Map of Bala Gwynedd in WalesFind more Towns in Gwynedd in WalesGo to tourist attractions Map of WalesWalesdirectory.
13677	Map showing Cults Business Park in Aberdeen.
13678	Map showing Farr Drive in Coventry.
13679	Map showing Faversham Avenue in Hull.
13680	Map showing Gutteridge Avenue in Coventry.
13681	Map showing Large Square in Doncaster.
13682	Map showing location of chiropodists in Leamington Spa.
13683	Map showing location of clubs in Grimsby.
13684	Map showing location of private tutors in Aberdeen.
13685	Map showing location of transport companies in Plymouth.
13686	Maps should contain essential information only and be as clear as possible.
13687	Maralyn, if you want to share the details you have, we might be able to find more information.
13688	Marble coloring Peterson A marble paint-job is almost probable why it is termed.
13689	Marc and Lidia are great hosts!
13690	Marcel, 30, from Tottenham, was stabbed to death in broad daylight in Islington’s main shopping street at about 6.30pm.
13691	March 14th, 2017 - Events - New Barnet - Whats on - New Barnet TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
13692	March 16th, 2018 - Events - Dunstable - Whats on - Dunstable TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
13693	March 2014 Follow our Embassy’s team through our activities during the past month!
13694	March 2015 print edition of the Living Orkney magazine.
13695	March 7th, 2019 - Events - Edgware - Whats on - Edgware TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
13696	March organiser Janette Collins, who runs the youth intervention project The Crib, said: ‘We are saying we have had enough.
13697	Marc Jacobs Daisy has been one of the hottest topics in beauty for ten years, and, to celebrate, the brand has released a sparkling limited edition bottle.
13698	Marco Pierre White spoke to News Letter journalist Graeme Cousins in the Park Avenue Hotel in Belfast yesterday.'
13699	Marcus Armytage looks back at Foinavon's 100-1 victory in the 1967 Grand National, perhaps the craziest and most dramatic ever staged.
13700	Marella discovery 11 Cuban fusion and pride of panama.
13701	Margaret Casely-Hayford studied law at Somerville College, Oxford University, and was called to the Bar in 1983.
13702	Margaret Simmonds,nee Brown, learned to drive while in The Womens’ Land Army.
13703	Margery Woods in Surrey is a lovely spot to walk whatever the season.
13704	Maria Eagle was in sparkling form at the Campaign for Better Transport fringe meeting at the Grand Hotel on Sunday night.
13705	Marianna Fotaki (2015) "Why and how is compassion necessary to provide good quality healthcare?
13706	Marian Silvester, General Manager for the National Trust, said, “Millions of people visit the Lake District each year, but few are familiar with the story behind these mountains, which we are extremely proud to look after.
13707	“Maria’s face looks different but her development is just like any other child her age”.
13708	Maria was nominated for her hard work and dedication by Kensington & Chelsea's Senior Contract Manager, Ben Binnell.
13709	Marie Curie needs your support so we can reach more people when they need us most.
13710	Marine organisms, for example fish, are known to be sensitive to changes in DO and reduced levels can cause fish kills.
13711	Marion added: "Wherever I am in the world I want to build a community and give back.
13712	Marius also organized a taxi which drove us to …
13713	Mark began his career in art and design.
13714	Mark Bishop, Director of Customer & Cause at the National Trust for Scotland said: ‘It’s fantastic to see young people out enjoying our national and natural treasures.
13715	Mark delivers on all the contracts he manages.
13716	Market gardeners, farmers and cheese makers present their products twice a week.
13717	Marketing Manager for Albert Dock, Clare Rawlinson added: “The festival continues to go from strength to strength, last year welcoming 90,000 people over three days, which is a phenomenal achievement in just two years since its launch.
13718	Market Mews in Market Bosworth, Nuneaton consists predominantly of detached houses.
13719	Markets fall in response to the cautious tone of remarks by Fed chairman Janet Yellen.
13720	Markets picked-up steam in July with positive performance across previously challenged broad asset classes, such as commodities and emerging sovereign debt.
13721	Mark has always been driven by a deep passion for wines and spirits, a passion that lead him to work for one of the UK’s largest wine retailers as warehouse assistant.
13722	Mark has presented the for BBC2, is a regular on Have I Got News For You.
13723	Marking 25 years’ service in January, credit controller Nancy Ibbitson is the longest-serving member of staff.
13724	Marking the advances in gay rights in Britain over the past half century, is the first in a year-long programme of special displays and events at the National Portrait Gallery exploring sexuality, gender, art and identity.
13725	Mark is a Manager in the Corporate & Business Services Department in our Exeter office.
13726	Mark Niemierko the wedding and event planning company of choice for savvy and stylish clients.
13727	Mark ran a UK-wide estate agency operation, covering sales, lettings and property management.
13728	Mark Sutton QC, leading Nadia Motraghi, for the successful claimants.
13729	Mark Ware recording natural sounds.
13730	“Mark will be combining his all-important local knowledge with the full backing and extended reach of a trusted national brand in Bruton Knowles.”
13731	Marlborough Road in Chiseldon, Swindon consists predominantly of detached houses.
13732	Married couples or civil partners can only have one main home between them.
13733	Marry before her thirtieth birthday or forfeit her inheritance.
13734	Marshall's work with the IFA sees him collate two spreadsheets a week of stats and data focusing on Northern Ireland players playing across the water.
13735	Mars is slowly dropping in brightness as we (the Earth), and Mars draw apart from each other in our respective orbits around the sun.
13736	Martens are nocturnal through the winter months however adopt a crepuscular/diurnal pattern during spring and summer when they have their young.
13737	Martha is the CEO of the World Newsmedia Network, a not-for-profit media research firm.
13738	Martin Lawrence, club chairman, completed the marathon in celebration of his 60th birthday and was fortunate enough to run part of the course with his daughter Sarah Lawrence.
13739	Martin Robinson, Staffordshire Semi-retired from professional horticulture, Martin is one of our most active supporters.
13740	Martin’s men are bottom of the league and remain two points behind relegation rivals Norwich United ahead of the weekend.
13741	Martin Surl was the first Police and Crime Commissioner to make Safer Cyber a policing priority.
13742	Marwood Towers originally opened in 1965 as ‘general needs’ flats, but over time became rundown and outdated.
13743	Marx argued that overall profit rates in the economy would increase with an increase in surplus value but decrease with a rise in the organic composition of capital.
13744	Mary Berry is happy to try most ingredients in her recipes but she draws the line at horse meat - because it reminds her of her childhood pony.
13745	Mary has also recently visited My Life at Thompson House Farm and Equestrian Centre in Standish.
13746	‘Mary knew how much I wanted a shop when I was little,’ explained Poppy, who said the items she stocks are a blend of Mary’s classic style and Milly’s vintage look.
13747	Mary’s mother, The Lady Parkinson, worked closely with the founder of the NAC, Professor Griffith Edwards, as the driving force behind creation of the charity Action on Addiction (AonA) and the establishment of the National Addiction Centre.
13748	Mason suggests that social investment requires a psychological shift in the way charities regard finance for it to be applied successfully.
13749	Massage Pampering Amazing Torquay is based in St. Marychurch Torquay.
13750	Massage the mask onto the entire face until it turns into a fine white creme.
13751	Masses are at the usual weekday times and ashes will be distributed after each mass.
13752	“Massive choice of international beers, awesome cocktails and great German dishes in the area.”
13753	Massive congratulations to Oliva Coy from on passing her driving test today.
13754	Mass migration has failed towns in the North West, and people, young and old are starting to see through what this European Union actually is - a political union, which only benefits to coalition of the comfortable.
13755	Mast cell inhibitors can also be taken as tablets, oral inhalers and topical ointments.
13756	Master Sergeant Bob S. led the meeting.
13757	Matalan are renowned for their excellent sales, and we're renowned for pouncing on these offers as quickly as possible to bring you the best deals as they come up.
13758	Matching cocktails with food is exceptionally personal and it is an art that is as complex as matching wines with food.
13759	Material that is alive: bacteria etc in food waste (in kitchens and canteens) or human waste such as skin or faeces (in bathrooms or hospitals).
13760	Maths spreads appear at relevant places within the book and cover all necessary maths skills for chemistry GCSE.
13761	Matte black gives a trendy, hip vibe to the round shape while the keyhole bridge adds an air of retro elegance.
13762	Matters then got worse for Walsham as Foster was sent off after an off the ball incident.
13763	Matt has been forced to call time on his career with Sussex on medical advice because of a wrist injury.
13764	Matthew is the Apprentice Negotiator sitting his Higher Level Customer Service Diploma at Richard Huish College Taunton.
13765	Matthew studied Astrophysics at Edinburgh University.
13766	Matty Wilson and Joe Park returned to the side with Michael Rhodes and Steve Pearson unavailable.
13767	Mature trees run along the boundary and form a good screen for privacy.
13768	Mature woodlands and lakes offer wonderful walks and interesting bird life.
13769	Maureen’s foster care journey began decades earlier.
13770	Maureen's slice of social history looks specifically at mining disasters in Durham, whilst acknowledging that the mining industry was something of a disaster in terms of lives lost etc. A fascinating look at the North East's mining history.
13771	Maximum mattress height is 200mm.
13772	Max Sydenham was impressive in the 1000m while Micah Campbell showed good speed in the sprints with Marcus Bone getting good experience in the hurdles.
13773	May 15th, 2018 - Events - Lewisham - Whats on - Lewisham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
13774	May 22nd, 2019 - Events - Norwich - Whats on - Norwich TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
13775	May also contain peanut and/or nut traces.
13776	Maybank Community Association formed in opposition to the redesign of Charlie Brown Roundabout, located at the junction of the North Circular Road, Southend Road, and Chigwell Road.
13777	May be a points system depending on the countries needs and the candidates skills should be employed, who knows I’m not a politician.
13778	Maybe that will help you make sense of the changing light conditions.
13779	Maybe the club lost some players over it, I don’t know.
13780	Maybe we are betwixt and between leaving our old club and finding that new global role.
13781	Maybe you have been recently bereaved, or are struggling with health issues.
13782	Mayfair's Alpha Kitchen Pillar Taps will enhance your culinary workspace with functionality, convenience and style.
13783	May half term family event on Thursday 28th May 2015.
13784	May he rest in peace and rise in glory.
13785	Mayhew got around the back of the defence a minute later and found Noel Aitkens with a low pass but his shot was blocked by the defence.
13786	May I question the Minister on a point of fact?
13787	Mayors names can be traced in an unbroken line until 1962 when the dignity of the Lord Mayor was granted to Oxford by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
13788	May the new life of creation be yours.
13789	Mazars UK and Embark Group launch ‘Vested’, a new employee benefits joint venture - Mazars - United Kingdom We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites.
13790	MC55/MC65 Auto Charge Cable, This 12 Volt cable allows terminal charging from an automobile's cigarette plug.
13791	McCarthy & Stone Sparkling Launch on Friday May 25th.
13792	McCord picked out Linn out-wide who cut inside his man and drilled a dangerous low cross across the penalty area.
13793	MC+Co work with brands and businesses to get the most from their marketing communications.
13794	"McGill's services will operate to the main entrance of the hospital; removing for many the uncertainty around access and parking that has been widely debated in recent weeks.
13795	McKenna’s moment almost broke the deadlock, while Dale’s dribble and cross deserved a decisive touch lacking from a teammate.
13796	MCOB 5.2 Purpose - FCA Handbook This website uses cookies.
13797	Me and my husband got married here in the Orchard Marquee at the end of February this year.
13798	” means a single Quick Pick entry for Play into a QuickWin lottery Draw issued as a prize for Players who have met the criteria as stated in the terms and conditions.
13799	Meanwhile, 2,642 drug tests were administered, of which 1,279 were positive (48.4%).
13800	Meanwhile, a new scheme to help parents educate their children about personal finance has been launched in the House of Lords today, reports the Daily Telegraph.
13801	Meanwhile, Carnevale paid tribute to club stalwart Richie Jones following his death from cancer at the age of 52.
13802	Meanwhile, former England star Rio Ferdinand was spotted in Sheffield - and had time to pose for pictures with football fans ahead of the game.
13803	Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a wok over a high heat until it just starts to shimmer.
13804	Meanwhile her cousin and former TOWIE co-star praised the new mum following the arrival of her daughter.
13805	Meanwhile, investigations are continuing after a man died and two others were left fighting for their lives after an horrific crash in Kingstanding.
13806	Meanwhile, Jeffrey Schlupp is back in contention for Palace following his recovery from an ankle injury.
13807	Meanwhile, the Forum of Private Business (FPB) called for 'more meaningful policies' on late payment and the economy ahead of the 2015 general election.
13808	Meanwhile the government also announced the impending introduction of a new Growth Voucher scheme, worth £30 million.
13809	Meanwhile, there are two big areas of policies affecting diesels that the Government did not fully address in the Plan, but rather promised decisions in the future.
13810	Meanwhile the survey showed some stark differences between the “life” bucket lists of women and the guys.
13811	Meanwhile, this atmosphere of “non-real”/ “surreal” has been strongly felt within the resisters as well.
13812	Meanwhile, Titans Purple played their first U16 Boys Midlands West Conference match of the season, and slipped to an 87-45 defeat to Northants Thunder.
13813	Meanwhile, VPN software outfits offering international access to iPlayer catch-ups to people who don’t mind violating terms of service can breathe a little easier, for now at least.
13814	Meanwhile, William Nadin Way, which runs between Cadley Hill Road and Civic Way was named after a successful businessman.
13815	Measles, mumps and rubella are highly infectious conditions that can have serious and potentially fatal complications.
13816	Measurements will vary due to the handmade nature of this product.
13817	Measuring an impressive 10 inches of veiny length, this fulfilling penis enhancer strap on will accommodate 6.5 inches of your own length for an instant boost.
13818	Media company XCel, run by Teessider Dave Roberts, has landed the $1.5m six-race deal for the Blancpain GT Asia Series.
13819	MEDIA INVITATION: If you would like to stream the meeting on your own news site please contact natalie.
13820	Media presents a specific, narrow slice of reality that has been reshaped and marketed to the general public.
13821	Media students have the opportunity to hear from industry professionals, throughout their course, who give advice and guidance following a wealth of experience.
13822	“Media Week and I have both been operating in the fast-paced, dynamic media business for 30 years.
13823	Medical and nursing staff attended, but no record was made.
13824	Medical experts have expressed reservations over drivers’ varying metabolic rates and how prosecutors will prove motorists have taken more than the amount prescribed by a doctor.
13825	Medical Royal Colleges and Faculties devise the specialist curricula and help shape postgraduate medical education and training in the four countries across the UK.
13826	Medical science produced a group of drugs capable of inhibiting thymidine kinase which is highly effective at treating varicella infection and its complications.
13827	Medicine was very different from today.
13828	Medium bodied with beautifully poised red fruit and very well integrated oak flavours.
13829	Medway was the only hospital in Kent and Medway that currently had a 24 hour mental health service.
13830	Meegan looked almost certain to be dragged over the touchline in the bottom right-hand corner but managed to offload for Jack Kennedy to dive over the line, Hudson's boot making it 24-14.
13831	Meet for a coffee or something initially for a short time see how we get on.
13832	Meet our team of Community and Education Vet Nurses and book a talk with the nurse in your area.
13833	Meet some of the choir members below.
13834	Meets Tuesday 19th September from 7.45 p.m. in the Baptist Church Hall for an illustrated talk by Dr. Johnny Birks of the Vincent Trust about the “Return of the Polecat”.
13835	Meet the Denplan Preventers and find out more about looking after your teeth and gums with our fun downloadable activity sheets.
13836	Meghan Markle smiles from the crowd.
13837	MEIC is the helpline service for children and young people up to the age of 25 in Wales.
13838	Mekuria is a Lecturer at Kotebe Metropolitan University, PhD Candidate at Addis Ababa University and Research Associate with King's’s BRACED Research in Ethiopia.
13839	Melliar-Smith is currently CULC co-chair, and in her manifesto promises “tough conversations about economic privilege in Cambridge,” as well as “reaching out to offer holders from underperforming schools.”
13840	Melrose are poised to join the new elite of Scottish Rugby after they were granted a franchise for the new Super 6 Series, due to begin in 2019-20.
13841	Member - 4 The Grove, Egham, Surrey.
13842	Member for Basildon and Billericay has said, we need to move to outcome measures such as the one-year survival rate, or indeed the five-year survival rate.
13843	Member for Linlithgow and East Falkirk (Martyn Day) for taking so many interventions in such a cordial and well-mannered way.
13844	Member for Liverpool, Riverside.
13845	Member for North East Derbyshire indicated—about the cap on student numbers and releasing it to allow more young people to go into further and higher education, which would require some assistance and contribution through tuition fees.
13846	Member for Selby and Ainsty said, it is easy to bash big companies.
13847	Member for South East Cornwall, would remove the family brewers, and indeed any pub-owning business with fewer than 500 tied pubs, from the scope of the legislation.
13848	Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon), have said about the impact on livestock in certain communities, but there is an additional problem in densely populated areas: people just do not know where some of these fireworks will be going off.
13849	Member for Taunton Deane said.
13850	Members also acknowledged that the Strategy’s emphasis should be based on the views of individuals and elected members, rather than unelected quangos.
13851	Members also discussed whether a data set had been used for the recommendation for inclusion of other faiths into earlier Key Stages, and it was confirmed that VA Schools as Church schools had freedom and did not need to follow the agreed syllabus.
13852	Members, but may I remind him that part of my speech touched on the threatening nature of the letters from, and the harassment and intimidation by, TV Licensing?
13853	Members can manage their benefits online via the award-winning 'Orbit' benefits portal, from the accumulation phase through to decumulation.
13854	Members can opt to permanently exchange some of their pension for a lump sum, which is normally tax free.
13855	Members discussed the recommendation and in doing so commented that some schools and academies use the name ‘religious studies’ rather than ‘religious education’ as they taught students different religions and beliefs.
13856	Members get free entry to events and can take a guest along to each one.
13857	Members have also developed a transport plan to help the community reduce its impact further.
13858	Membership fees for LoveHomeSwap apply.
13859	Membership of the CCB is made up of public sector bodies, both statutory and voluntary, and also young people.
13860	“Members may ‎have seen Chamber advertising on Elonex billboards on the M6 and A45 around the new membership packages and this has demonstrated what Elonex Outdoor can offer to members and other local organisations looking to raise their profile.
13861	Members must complete for to apply for WD.
13862	Members noted that the service could work to control spending on its UASC and ensure that it gets best value for money, highlighting the high cost of spend on each child against national disposable income, and query whether this was an appropriate use.
13863	Members of the Bee Coalition today (Friday 18 July) welcome the Government’s public ‘Call to Action’ to help reverse the decline of bees and other pollinating insects by helping meet their needs for food and a home.
13864	‘Members of the congregation know people who live or have lived in the tower, teach children who live there and are caring for those taken to hospital,’ said its pastor Jem Sewell.
13865	Members of the group are all amateur photographers, and we are all at differing levels of expertise, some beginners and others with lots of experience – but all learning from each other.
13866	Members of the HSRIC are also individual members of Health Technology Assessment International.
13867	Members of the Investment Advisory Panel have a duty to invest the Fund in the best interest of the members, which it does.
13868	Members of the public who have experienced this believe that therapists are not sufficiently knowledgeable about the phenomenon, or are unaware that their actions can both cause and exacerbate the problem.
13869	Members of the public who represent themselves in claims are protected from paying large legal costs under the scheme, even if they lose their case.
13870	Members on Select Committees who have listened to businesses.
13871	Members on the Government side have slipped away, I thought at one point that he would be left solely with his Parliamentary Private Secretary, chuntering from a sedentary position behind him.
13872	Members received a report from the Headteacher of Halton Virtual School for Children in Care which provided an update of the findings of a review into the use of Pupil Premium Plus and its expenditure year on year.
13873	Member States must now ratify the Fuel Quality Directive, in the face of ongoing protests from the Canadian government (who are hoping to complete a free trade agreement with EU).
13874	Members thanked officers for their presentation.
13875	Members welcomed the excellent report and commented on the work being done to restore buildings At Risk.
13876	Members will be required to contact HMRC regarding tax relief on lump sum payments.
13877	Members will have received the new Local Committee/Cabinet newsletters.
13878	Memorial plaques listing names of soldiers from WW II rest on each side of the stepped base.
13879	Men are encouraged to wear a jacket and tie, but not necessarily a full matching suit.
13880	Mendeley sees an active third party developer community as a key way of delivering innovative services to its user base.
13881	‘Mend our Way’ is part of the national ‘Make a Million’ initiative, run by the British Mountaineering Council, which seeks to raise £1,000,000 for some of the UK’s most treasured trails.
13882	“Men of my age are directing this war,” he tells the soldier he’s rescued on to his own boat, the Moonstone.
13883	Mensur has been fantastic all season and thoroughly deserves his chance in the Premier League."
13884	Mental health, abuse and violence are still surrounded by stigma, silence and shame and there is an urgent cultural imperative for this to change.
13885	Mental Health in men is a weird subject.
13886	Mention of the University of Cambridge holds a significant amount of weight when speaking about biotechnology, entrepreneurship and sound academic work.
13887	Mentor has worked with youth services, schools and families for 17 years to provide early support and preventative programmes rooted in the best international evidence available.
13888	Mentoring starts as soon as the young people arrive, helping them on with wetsuits (never an easy or elegant task!
13889	Mentor is committed to a holistic approach to prevention that builds young people’s resilience and wellbeing to protect them against a range of harms.
13890	Mentor-supported Training – this is similar to the ICE Training Scheme but is not run by your employer.
13891	Menus have incorporated local produce, items that are in season and the needs of their customer base.
13892	Men who have physically active occupations are 18% more likely to die prematurely, according to a new study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
13893	Men who may have a certain look as a ‘Paedo’ etc. I have seen these comments in places like ratemyteacher and facebook pages.
13894	Mercedes has designed an eight seat automobile for all those who find their SUV or MPV a little too small for their needs.
13895	Mercer states that there is no other J.W. in Par.
13896	Merchandisers are responsible for ensuring that products appear in the right store at the appropriate time and in the correct quantities.
13897	Mercury spills on absorbent surfaces, such as carpets and upholstery, can be difficult to clean up.
13898	Meredith Williams attended a meeting of the BASIS project group, and the ArcView training course, at Münster, Germany, in October 1998.
13899	Mereway Kitchens are a supplier of choice, offering some of the shortest lead times in the business, teamed with outstanding quality and 10 year guarantee on all cabinets.
13900	Merging research on teacher effectiveness and teacher professional development.
13901	Merging Spheres of Design Practice: Architecture into the unknown?
13902	Merinda is a marketing leader at Salesforce.
13903	Merry Maids of Birmingham South visit hundreds of homes on an annual basis and have the pleasure of meeting many of their customers.
13904	Messages containing un-abbreviated swear words will be deleted by the moderator.
13905	Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group (MAAWG) cooperates with large and important internet service providers to regularly draft a guide to sending e-mails that you should observe.
13906	Metabolomic analysis of biofluid samples, such as urine and blood plasma, is a method to model chemical changes in different disease states.
13907	Metallics are currently at the peak of popularity, with industrial colours like bronze, copper and brass taking the spotlight of interior design trends.
13908	Metal theft costs the UK economy £770m each year, it is in all our interests to help scrap the metal thieves.
13909	Meter Readers/Data Collectors, South East, Hertfordshire, Welwyn Garden City – Jobs24.
13910	Meth addict mother, 22, left four-month-old baby boy 'starved and close to death'
13911	METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to assess the effect of detection method on the prevalence of P. vivax and to quantify the extent to which P. vivax infections are undetected by microscopy.
13912	METHODS: Cross-sectional survey, using a range of quality of care assessment tools, at government facilities with malaria microscopy in two Kenyan districts of different intensity of malaria transmission.
13913	METHODS: Health-workers visited 270 households weekly, and collected swabs from influenza-like-illness cases.
13914	METHODS: RCC4 and 786-O renal cancer cell lines transfected with either an empty vector or functional VHL and incubated in normoxia or hypoxia were examined for miR-210 expression.
13915	Metro 25 branding removed April 2007 and re-applied in September 2007.
13916	Metro Bank, the revolutionary high street bank, was today awarded the Technology Innovation Enterprise Award by Microsoft as part of the 2014 Microsoft Dynamics Customer Excellence Awards programme.
13917	Metron was born out of Cisco's OpenSoc project in 2014.
13918	"Met someone, and rather wonderful too.
13919	Mezzanine to the first floor.
13920	MHR’s Product Design Director, Sue Harris, who has worked in IT for 20 years says: “Technology is a fast growing sector but one that is often overlooked by women, so we are very proud to be sponsoring the inspireWiT Conference.
13921	Mia asked Thomas to apply and 'generous' styles to help first-time visitors discover digitised illuminated manuscripts.
13922	Michael Jackson retired to his suite.
13923	Michael Lavalette tells of his puzzlement when first elected as a Respect councillor in Preston.
13924	Michael Owen gives England shock lead, but David Seaman's blunder from Ronaldinho’s 42-yard free kick sends Brazil a step closer to their fifth World Cup win.
13925	Michael - the Round the County Day soundls like an ideal initiative which fits very well with the thinking behind the Civic Day.
13926	Michael Thomas Bass (1799-1884) brewer, politician, philanthropist -'the best friend Derby ever had'
13927	Michael Thomas, considering the past, mark Ingram, rB - SIT: Was last week a fluke or the start of something big?
13928	Michele joined Suffolk Chamber in October 2009 as Membership Administrator and has progressed to Purchase Ledger and Credit Control Officer.
13929	Michelin makes the exact match with long-lasting tyres designed to fit your CITROEN AX – simply tell us the model of your car so we can get it right down to the last detail.
13930	Michelle has a Bachelors degree in Business Studies amongst other accreditations including the SFEDI qualification in Business Development and Skills Development.
13931	Michelle is also CEO of Threadneedle Asset Management Limited and a member of the Executive Leadership Team of Ameriprise Financial.
13932	Michelle said: “We were truly inspired by a piece about Malton, Yorkshire’s Food Capital and we just knew that Malton was the place for us to set up our artisan food company.
13933	Mick George opened for business in 1978 with a single tipper truck and now has 400 HGVs along with landfill sites, waste transfer stations, quarries and an astonishing range of construction services.
13934	MICK Woodham has set his sights on a top-five finish with Windsor in the Hellenic Premier Division as the season reached its half-way point on Saturday.
13935	Micromark, which supplies a broad portfolio of air treatment from basic white fans to air con units and dehumidifiers, had a similar experience with fans last year.
13936	Micron has started to separate from Intel in NAND production, just days after whipping the veil off its 7.68TB QLC SSD, and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra and pals are keen to chat up analysts about their vision of the coming "New Micron".
13937	Micropalaeontological groups include foraminifera, ostracods, conodonts and, occasionally, radiolaria, diatoms and calcareous algae.
13938	“Mid and large size vans performed very well in August recording increases in sales of 54.8% and 11.6% respectfully.
13939	Mid Argyll were struggling at the back but settled into the game and had a chance close to half-time to cut Inveraray’s lead when they were awarded a penalty.
13940	Middleport Pottery has been chosen to host the world-famous poppies for six weeks from August 2 to September 16.
13941	Middlesbrough TheatrePreview: A Funny Thing Happened On The Way at Middlesbrough Theatre on Thursday, July 18Take a romp through North-east history at two of the region's theatres later this month.
13942	Middlesex captain Steven Finn paid tribute to the efforts of Paul Stirling following their Royal London One-Day Cup win over Kent.
13943	Midfielder James McCabe curled over an inviting cross which the forward headed just wide of Dave Walton’s upright.
13944	Midi length, with an asymmetric hem.
13945	Mid-week break to be taken in May, June, September, October or November 2015, excluding school holidays.
13946	Miele Vortex technology guarantees maximum performance.
13947	Mike Bullen added: “I’m delighted that viewers still feel invested in the lives and loves of our imperfect heroes.
13948	Mike Davis, Chief Assessor for the AoC Beacon Awards, said: “The high standard of submissions to the AoC Beacon Awards often makes it very hard for the judges to choose the winners.
13949	Mike Hawes, SMMT Chief Executive, said, “It is far too soon to determine whether the referendum result has had an impact on the new car market.
13950	Mike Howard’s 70 and 3-59 from Joel Stewart couldn’t stop the seconds losing by 47 runs to Ickleford in Division One and both the thirds and fourths suffered defeats to Wheathampstead sides.
13951	Mike Rhodes, Access and Rights of Way Manager – My job is to act as a middle-man between the people visiting the National Park and the people living and working in it.
13952	Mikes knowledge and a good eye for what works together has given me the bathroom I was dreaming of.
13953	Mild and waxy when harvested small, left to mature they can become large and even floury.
13954	Millions of RBS, NatWest and Ulster Bank customers, including businesses, are facing continuing disruption following last week's computer failure.
13955	Millions of successful treatments, hundreds of thousands of delighted customers and a new customer every two minutes.
13956	Millson acknowledges that investments are not a black and white decision.
13957	Millwall have taken up options on both O’Brien and Gregory to keep the duo in South London until the summer of 2019.
13958	Milton Elias, Head of Mobile and Video at News UK, said: “Recently, the industry has witnessed a fundamental shift in the way that people consume media, especially via mobile channels.
13959	Mind assesses research linking work with stress.
13960	Mindfulness involves taking a step back from your thoughts and instead focusing attention on the present moment.
13961	Mind you, you ain't going to win any prizes, either!
13962	Mine is called Eileen Jones, who sets up and co-ordinates rescue and action for Friends of Animals Wales.
13963	'minimising impact on patient's work, home or school life with a low number of dental visits in SM4' 'having minimal mouth and / or gum irritation' are both very important.
13964	Minimising the rigidity and mobility of a membrane is the key to a long life and nothing does this more effectively than SBS.
13965	Ministers have failed to deliver any IT system.
13966	Ministers now use this phrase as a shorthand way of describing a group of voters who might not live in the poorest communities or suffer the greatest social disadvantage but find that life seems to get harder and harder.
13967	Ministry Of Defence - "Pressure on our young soldiers."
13968	MINI will present an all-electric series-production model in 2019.
13969	Minor road, pathless coastal section, boggy lochside path, navigation skills needed.
13970	Minutes and reports of the Librarian 1904-65; (reports to 1970 to LB Hackney also included).
13971	MiR-210 is induced by Oct-2, regulates B cells, and inhibits autoantibody production.
13972	Miraculously, iPad now working. iPhone still can’t send emails.
13973	Miranda's term was extended for another 3 years at the 2016 AGM.
13974	Miscellaneous grouping for related subjects which do not fit into the other Agriculture categories.
13975	Miss Debbie Usher Middle East Centre Archive, St Antony’s College, Oxford.
13976	Missed a huge chance soon after coming on and then fired tamely at Henderson.
13977	Missed our recent Webinar that introduced our Modix 4 Principles of Retail Innovation?
13978	Mission and values To instil the core missions and values of the University in everything we do.
13979	Miss Rausing also owns 50 per cent of the British Bloodstock Agency, which buys and sells racehorses on behalf of wealthy clients.
13980	Miss Sims, Holyrood’s head of cricket, said: “I knew the boys would do well if they all played to their potential.
13981	Mistal is a very comfortable cottage in a pleasant location.
13982	Mixed incontinence is when you have symptoms of both stress and urge incontinence.
13983	Mix smart and chic with these classic teen glasses.
13984	Mix this in with the fact the locations aren’t accurate and we have what feels like a step back in terms of the results.
13985	MLM Start-Up Conference, May 16-17, 2013, Las Vegas.
13986	Moated palace site, home to an entire community in 1300-1400s.
13987	Mobile access can help improve response times, and it can help IT personnel report on and resolve incidents more quickly and more flexibly -- and that translates directly into greater cost-efficiencies and user satisfaction."
13988	Mobile beauty to your door! visit us online dolly-girls.
13989	Mobile phones may not be on the same playing field when it comes to battery life but when it comes to accuracy, mobile phones cannot be beaten.
13990	Mobile, Video, Branded Content and Programmatic, all powered by the wealth of data our audiences provide us with, are the key areas of focus for digital advertisers in 2017 and sit at the heart of our strategy in this area.
13991	Mobile Web Design in Ayrshire - Get Your MobiThis website may use cookies.
13992	Moderating content in this way means that we trust our Community members to alert us to inappropriate content or behaviour.
13993	Modern and well presented one bedroom student apartment located off the cosmopolitan area of Mill Road within walking distance of ARU and City Centre.
13994	Modern electrical heating and uPVC double glazed.
13995	Modern nurses work independently and are empowered to improve patient outcomes.
13996	Modern takes on the classic include using only baubles in a colour scheme of your choice, for example blue and silver.
13997	Modern white fitted kitchen in a combination of base and wall units with matching wood effect drawer unit.
13998	Module 1 What exactly is fantasy and why should you a fantasy book or novel?
13999	Modules are block taught, with intensive teaching weeks and weeks of private study.
14000	Mohammed is not a Scottish taxpayer.
14001	Mole, Ratty and company of The Wind in the Willows fame inhabited the riverbanks and wild woods around here, at least according to their author Kenneth Grahame who lived nearby.
14002	Momade Satar dismissed the meeting in the Rovuma as "pure invention by Candida".
14003	Mom has travelled a lot and doesn't want to fly anymore, so we choose cruises that leave and return to Vancouver B.C. The embarkation and disembarkation went very smoothly.
14004	Monalisa was sentenced to 180 days, but it wouldn’t be completed in the conventional way to enable to her raise her two children.
14005	Monarch Education are looking to recruit enthusiastic and organised individuals to join the team lunchtime supervisors to work within schools in and around the Birmingham area.
14006	Monash and Cambridge are neither alone nor unusual in this respect.
14007	Monday is the 29 February.
14008	Monday, July 17th, 1911The weather still very unsettled – the wind comes up with a rush to fade in an hour or two.
14009	Monday mornings without the drama are set to become the norm in households across South Ayrshire thanks to the introduction of a new online school payments system.
14010	Monetary policy in the guise of super-low interest rates and quantitative easing – government buying of bonds – has done the heavy lifting since the financial crisis by pulling the advanced world out of a nosedive and saving us from a new depression.
14011	Money agony aunt Liz Barclay emphasised that it is not as easy as simply filling in a template and showing a person around the house.
14012	“Money from this event will go towards our wide range of services for patients, their carers, and families facing a life limiting illness – every pound raised will help.”
14013	“Money is so cheap at the moment that if you can afford to move and sell then why wouldn’t you buy?”
14014	Money raised from the event currently stands at almost £90,000 – with donations still coming in.
14015	Monitor and record whenever any sensitive data is amended or deleted and create an audit trail with controls built into both Digita and Onvio solutions.
14016	Monk's House, Rodmell (tel 01892 890651)was the home of Virginia and Leonard Woolf who lived here from 1919 until Virginia's suicide in March 1941 (when she filled her pockets with stones and drowned herself in the river).
14017	Mon (MLB)) Astros A's 145 Astros Select a Sportsbook Endorsed By m. Free Sports Picks - Cappers Access.
14018	MONMOUTH AM Nick Ramsay got hands-on with Operation-style games to learn CPR and other lifesaving techniques at an event run by the British Heart Foundation (BHF) last week.
14019	Monsieur Chamot had a firm belief in the importance of customer service and this also carries on today.
14020	Monteiro, aged 27, of Oaklands Road, Newton Abbot, denied five counts of fraud but was found guilty and jailed for four and a half years by Judge David Evans at Exeter Crown Court.
14021	Monthly swing dance evening with live swing band the Harlem Rhythm Cats, plus beginners Lindy Hop taster class at 7.30pm.
14022	‘Moonlight Shadows’, inspired by the beautiful moonlit nights in Orkney as the light sweeps across the sky and landscape creating dramatic shadows and highlighting the standing stones.
14023	MOO recognises that it’s not just businesses that need to sell themselves, which is why they offer a 15% student discount on your first order.
14024	Moors will not be lost without grouse shooting as can be seen by the vast areas that exist without this sport (?) I hope someday that I will be allowed to enjoy Simons Seat but I doubt it.
14025	Moray’s best-placed is Fotheringham, who shot an impressive 69 for a three-over-par total of 145, just five behind the leader.
14026	More acts have been added to the line-up for this year's Rochdale Feel Good Festival.
14027	More broadly Lee has been involved in leading local and international health policy initiatives and is currently collaborating with the World Health Organisation, New York and Yale Universities on health equity.
14028	More changes to the team at half time and Orkney were soon 2 up after Liam Delday made a great run into the box and finished well.
14029	More clarity needs to be given in letters around compensation – to reduce the rejection of the amount offered and requests for escalation.
14030	More common sights are hares and guinea pigs.
14031	More complex controllers carefully assess a varying array of rider and environment data to optimise the performance, increase the safety and the life of the bikeӳ components.
14032	More consultants going freelance.
14033	More conventional classes such as household and park home insurance are customised to reflect the long unoccupancy needs of Owners.
14034	‘More could be done to help people understand the tax implications of withdrawals from pension funds and the actions they may need to take.
14035	More diodes, closer together - no dark spots.
14036	More false hopes for Sale too, who went into the final day needing a win over struggling Leicester to have a shot at Champions Cup rugby only to come up way short.
14037	More generally, Israel is getting steadily more involved in Syria while strengthening its ties with a wider range of overseas militaries.
14038	More information about the industry can be found at The Tech Partnership website.
14039	More information can be found on our PETS Travel Scheme compliance checklist page.
14040	More insight required, to fully understand the nature of demand and the role of gov.uk within this.
14041	More needs to be done to ensure all individuals with Down syndrome who have dementia are considered for treatment.’
14042	More often than not the questions you’re asked on screen bear no resemblance whatsoever to what you’ve discussed with various producers, usually at great length.
14043	More of the same, please?
14044	Moreover, I am old enough to have experienced personally what it meant to live under the Nazis.
14045	Moreover, it may also be asserted that under the HRA a finding of incompatibility is no bar to trial.
14046	Moreover, the fact that these systems are also fully sealed rather than requiring bottles of chemicals to be constantly opened and closed means that they have obvious health and safety benefits.
14047	Moreover, the music is miraculously well played.
14048	Moreover, together with collaborators at the Edinburgh’s Centre for Reproductive Health we have taken a “One-health” approach by studying miRNA regulation of ovarian function in both cattle and humans.
14049	Moreover, water percolating through the ice to the base of the ice sheet can facilitate sliding of the ice along the bed, leading to increased ice discharge.
14050	More PAs than ever are becoming VAs, what do you think newcomers need to be aware of when taking their first steps?
14051	More people are becoming aware of increased colour options and are no longer settling for the standard, which has led to an increase in demand for XtremeDoor in specialist colours, allowing us to sell at higher margins.”
14052	More personal injury claims successfully settled by OH Parsons!
14053	More places in or near Crown Street.
14054	More places in or near Edinburgh Road.
14055	More places in or near Lower Rushton Road.
14056	More recently my research focus has switched to the genetic structure of microbial populations and communities.
14057	More serious injuries which still restrict arm movement.
14058	More than 1,000 pubs would have closed if the Government had not cut duty on beer over the last two years, a campaign group has estimated.
14059	MORE than £110,000 has been donated to Solihull charities and services by the West Midlands Police in the last two years.
14060	More than 120 kilometres of walking tracks let you connect with Great Barrier Island’s wild spirit.
14061	MORE than 1,600 new trees are set to be planted in Worcester this winter thanks to a donation from the bus firm First.
14062	More than3,000 UK Scouts have just returned from a life-changing jamboree in Japan.
14063	More than 300 hygiene packs containing items such as toothbrushes, combs, baby wipes and deodorant have been sent to refugees by students.
14064	More than 500,000 employers across the UK have met their automatic enrolment duties, with nearly eight million workers given workplace pensions as a result.
14065	More than 6,000 young people have gained an Arts Award and 52 local schools achieved Artsmark status through Royal Opera House Bridge support.
14066	MORE than 800 people have shared their opinions on how they hope to see the future of healthcare – but more answers are still needed.
14067	More than being in harmony with your body, titanium actually stimulates bone growth and improves the health of your jaw.
14068	'More than food or fuel.
14069	More than half (57%) said they have already boosted their productivity over the last 6 months.
14070	More than that, somebody reporting emissions is not really the nub of the problem; it is managing those emissions down and ensuring that they stay within a carbon budget.
14071	More than this, fi’zi:k represents beauty, speed, passion, freedom for those who race against each other, race against the clock and for enthusiast cyclists around the world who identify with the feeling of the fire of competition.
14072	Morgan’s interest in turtles grew when she made one out of paper maché as a science project.
14073	Morgan virtually single handily saves the US economy in both 1895 and 1907.
14074	Morling said: “This is always the worst part of the season, but unfortunately these tough decisions have to be made.
14075	Morné Cloete, Southern Water’s Project Manager for the scheme, said: “We are pleased with the progress the project is making and grateful for the patience the people of Chatham have shown us while we carry out these essential improvements in their town.
14076	Morning assemblies are also used to reinforce school rules and acceptable behaviour.
14077	Morrell added: “I am expecting to be able to field a much stronger side on Saturday, and we may be able to include another couple of new signings.
14078	Mortality rates in the trust were within expected range.
14079	Most accumulative points wins the trophy and a free day’s fishing.
14080	Most activities related to installing or diverting water mains and making service connections are known as ‘contestable’, which means they can be done either by a self-lay provider or by us.
14081	Most Afghans have had to flee their homes many times over in the past two decades, and up to a quarter of the population are in refugee camps.
14082	Most airlines allow you to pre-book your seat in advance for a fee; alternatively you can choose a seat at check-in at no additional charge.
14083	Most cabins have one double bed or two twins on the lower berth, but there are some triple-occupancy cabins that include an upper berth as well.
14084	Most cases of HIV-related Kaposi's sarcoma can be successfully treated with a combination of anti-retroviral therapy and chemotherapy.
14085	Most cases those housed will have to start over again with nothing.
14086	Most children are naturally imaginative and will happily talk away to someone on their toy phone or drive the sofa to the shops, and this creativity should be actively encouraged!
14087	Most crematoria are run by local authorities.
14088	Most cruises afford you the opportunity to visit at least a few markets after dark to enjoy the lights that decorate stalls and the squares and parks where the markets take place.
14089	Most Dads have at least a few embarrassing jokes they love to tell.
14090	Most fence panels and wooden posts are pressure-treated to prevent rot and insect attack.
14091	Most firms with the ‘A’ fee-blocks will pay a minimum fee of £1,084 to the FCA.
14092	Most halls have student swipe-card entry systems and each residence has a team of wardens and tutors who live within the hall to offer help and guidance.
14093	Most healthy youngsters spent three or four years in there, but I didn't even make three.
14094	Most human dilemmas are material dilemmas in some way.
14095	Most importantly, it’s worth noting that this kind of cover is designed for emergencies, and generally only gives third party coverage.
14096	Most importantly, our strategy provides a clear roadmap of the things we want to do between now and 2025.
14097	Most importantly, the engineering and maintenance workforce have become the strongest advocates of Amey’s knowledge-driven approach.
14098	Most important, studentsâ€™ confidence in their ability to do their research at the BL vastly increased.
14099	Most large companies sustained many sports teams for both men and women.
14100	Most Norfolk allergy clinics also check for food intolerance.
14101	Most notably, tozasertib (VX-680, MK-0457) displayed unique nanomolar efficacy, which extended to other cell lines, but was specific for Ewing's sarcoma.
14102	Most of Leicestershire’s district and borough councils offer a range of competitively priced trade and commercial waste and recycling collections.
14103	Most of the beach is backed by Enniscrone Golf Club.
14104	Most of the heat is lost up the chimney.
14105	Most of the lead emissions from this time period are believed to have been linked to the production of silver, which was a key component of currency.
14106	Most of the libraries will have submitted theirs by the time you read this.
14107	Most of the major commercial energy suppliers will offer you a commercial contract, meaning rates will be competitive, but as with other types of energy contract, you need to thoroughly consider the different tariffs available.
14108	Most of the major lines and some smaller ones offer at least a few Panama Canal sailings each season.
14109	Most of them concentrate upon Canada, as you say.
14110	Most of them walk into the training room bright eyed, smile on their face and eager know all there is to know.
14111	Most of the range was 00/H0, but there were also five items scaled for model railways, a rebuilt "Royal Scot" locomotive and four coaches.
14112	Most of these changes will, in practice, enable us to deal with claims more efficiently and at lower cost to the industry.
14113	Most of the time, it is the fear of choking itself that leads to the stress and panic that ultimately leads to the mistake – but how do you overcome this fear and perform well under pressure?
14114	Most of the time she plays at Bridport and and every two weeks she has a golf lesson with her coach, Karen Nicholls, who she has been seeing since she was 13 years old.
14115	‘Most of us experienced it too,’ May said, ‘when we saw his name on the resignation honours list.’
14116	Most of us know, roughly, what our rights at work are: that our pay is a certain amount, that we should get sick days and holiday, and can't be arbitrarily fired.
14117	Most of us want to stay living independently at home.
14118	Most of us will look after an elderly relative, sick partner or a disabled family member at some point.
14119	‘Most of us would gladly have given reams of our own work to write a couple of paragraphs as Lewis wrote.’
14120	“Most other clubs had a very good programme with players coming through.
14121	Most people assume that the windows you’d find in your car and home are essentially the same.
14122	Most people fail to report criminal damage or vandalism to their vehicle but, if it ever happens to you, we urge you to report it immediately.
14123	Most people have heard of Chablis but don’t realise that it is made from the Chardonnay grape.
14124	Most people have it done when their milk (baby) teeth have all come out – usually by the time they’re 13. But more and more adults are seeking treatment.
14125	“Most people I know have similar situations where their nails are yellowing and flaking just from wearing nail polish forever,” she says.
14126	Most people want to fit solar panels to reduce engine running times for charging purposes or top up batteries when shore power is not available.
14127	Most people who have astigmatism are born with the condition, so it's important your children have regular eye tests.
14128	Most persistently high risk road in Britain is A18 Laceby to Ludborough in East Midlands/Yorkshire.
14129	Most pharmacokinetic studies (9/12) suggested dose optimisation.
14130	Most recent information first – your CV should start with the most important information and recent information first.
14131	Most surprisingly of all, we have found a huge number of names of victims meticulously recorded in these logs.
14132	Most were weaners sourced from Denmark and the Netherlands and both countries provided more pigs.
14133	Most women who become bus drivers enjoy a career with a difference, reports Arriva.
14134	Most women with breast cancer have an operation as part of their treatment.
14135	“Most young people think that employers only care about their academic achievements – but that’s not the case.
14136	Motif Oman is a hospitality and hotel management company in Oman.
14137	Motorbikes are welcome in the centre car park.
14138	Motorists are warned to expect long delays with queues currently more than two miles in both directions.
14139	Mountain and forest walkers are being advised by the Forest Enterprise answerphone that controlled burnings by the Forestry Commission are taking place across Arran.
14140	Mounted on a strong tubular steel frame for added stability.
14141	Mountfitchet Castle and Norman Village is a must-visit when in the area, boasting a series of wonderful historic buildings, it's here you're able to learn more about Stansted's rich past.
14142	Mourning dress in photographs stands out; black crepe bands and ribbons were added to dresses and black armbands were worn by men.
14143	Mouse-adapted ovine scrapie prion strains are characterized by different conformers of PrPSc.
14144	Mouse is a sweet, but worried girl, who is looking for owners that will give her space and her own time to build her confidence in the home.
14145	Moved to Sky and in 4 months the connection has not dropped once.
14146	Movement of the piglets is restricted for the first one to two weeks by a barrier around the entrance, in order to keep them in the warm arc.
14147	Movement of your knee may be limited.
14148	Movements were performed towards (top row), ambiguously (middle row) or perpendicularly (away; bottom row) in relation to the viewer.
14149	Move up to the Sahara and depending on the length of the trip, carry on towards the region of Fez.
14150	Moving along the pathway, she showed how we are developing new imaging techniques (vital for early diagnosis and treatment), and novel applications for low temperature plasmas (with a potential role in cancer therapies).
14151	Moving bank accounts is a much easier process nowadays that it once was.
14152	Moving the economy forward in a fairer and more inclusive way emerged as a clear message from the referendum.
14153	Moving your gas meter if you can't access it.
14154	“MP3s are fine, but you only hear about 20% of what’s been recorded.
14155	MPA Public Policy and Management Browser does not support script.
14156	Mr Abbey first offered the land and stables near Haselor for sale; very strong and competitive bidding resulted in the gavel being knocked down at a remarkable £154,000.
14157	Mr and Mrs M owned and managed a large dairy farm.
14158	Mr Beams Motion Sensor LED Slim Task Light-Battery-Operated-Dark Brown, LED Light BulbsThis web site requires JavaScript to run correctly.
14159	Mr Ben Callaway is the registered manager for these services at this location.
14160	Mr Calvert added: “The meeting will provide a real chance for people to have their voices heard and share any fears or concerns they have about our roads.”
14161	Mr Darkins said: “When we started a 1,000 spin washing machine used to cost around £370 - now a 1,200 speed one costs £270.
14162	Mr D published many of his novels in instalments to get a readership.
14163	Mr Ernest Stevens has kindly lent the Theatre.
14164	Mr Frape said: “A lot of kids we found are stuck in their ways and just want to play football, we do play football but not always.”
14165	Mr Greaney said a "hideout" in the village of Catterick Garrison was found which contained "various items, including materials that were capable of being used in bomb-making".
14166	Mr Hicks said: “I want to thank Colin Noble for all he has done.
14167	Mr Hill, largely without policies, was sidelined for much of the discussion while Ms Barton, perhaps more than any other candidate, was passionate and convincing, though she had the occasional deviation from her party’s official line.
14168	Mr Hyde said the improvements were noticeable and attractive to passengers.
14169	MRI uses a combination of strong magnetic fields and radio waves to produce exquisitely detailed images of any part of the body.
14170	Mr Javid will also use the two-day trip to brief his US counterparts on the Government’s updated counter-terrorism strategy, which is expected to be published next week.
14171	Mr Justice Lewis says he is satisfied they intended to kill Mr Cassidy.
14172	Mr Kenny said: “I was working on a traffic signal upgrade in the area and I’d just nipped away for lunch.
14173	Mr Kingsley said that on another occasion while Mohammed Rizwan was subject to home detention, the Sultans’ family home was ram raided in an attempt to gain entry.
14174	Mr Lamb is defending a majority of 4000 votes, however UKIP, who polled 8000 votes at the last count in 2015, urged their supporters to back the Tory party this time around.
14175	Mr Land worked for Ernst & Young from 1970 to 2006 and was Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1995.
14176	Mr Lewis believes that the such measures will “help to accelerate housebuilding over the next five years, provide certainty for local residents and enterprises, and contribute to the Government’s long-term economic plan”.
14177	Mr Nurmohamed was a senior manager working for Chesterton Global, a large firm of estate agents.
14178	Mr Patterson said work on the department store’s new entrance is due to be complete by the end of autumn this year, while the completion target for the apartments is late 2019.
14179	Mr Pix is an authorised supplier of Swansea City Supporters Trust plaques, key rings, fridge magnets and coasters.
14180	Mr Porter hands over the management and development of the Selby office to Darren Norgate, a Director in the firm who has been based at the Selby office for more than 21 years.
14181	Mr Prescott did not give a victim statement.
14182	Mr Richardson has a first-class degree in English Literature from Nottingham and was awarded an MLitt in Renaissance English Literature from Oxford.
14183	Mr Savage said he is now in touch with Liam's "people,” coining the star’s phrase.
14184	Mrs Birch said that she objected to the council forwarding the matter to the committee as she did not believe there was a need for a small retail premises in Whitley Road.
14185	Mr Servan added: “There is a lot we can take away from the Challenge too.
14186	Mrs Frampton introduced the report that had been circulated with the agenda which set out proposed Terms of Reference, scope and general approach to the review included suggested witnesses either for written or oral evidence.
14187	Mrs F was shocked when the firm told her that the death benefit amounted only to a refund of his original contributions, together with interest.
14188	Mrs Johnson, “I ought to.
14189	Mr Stevens reported that a range of head-teachers had been approached to discuss ways in which schools currently supported children and young people and families with SEND.
14190	Mr Swire said: “It’s fantastic to see this great local pub restored to its rightful place at the heart of the community and I was happy to raise a glass to its future success.
14191	Mr Trump has made many claims across many policy domains, and our panel of experts will address the degree to which he has achieved his goals during this early part of his administration.
14192	Mr Vickers said: “Seafood processing is a vital part of the local economy.
14193	Mr W did not reply, so the bank sent him a formal demand for the money.
14194	Mr Whippy Ice Cream Vans available to hire for all events.
14195	Mr Zade is 5’ 9” tall, of muscular build, has black / greying short hair and stubbly facial hair.
14196	M&S Bank's current account£125 gift card for joining, plus you get an extra £5 a month top up for the year.
14197	Ms Boden states that the bank has aims to have “millions of customers within five years”.
14198	Ms Bond said driving overnight visits to Suffolk was a top priority for tourism chiefs in the county.
14199	MSC is a strange cruise line which operates more like a bus, with new passengers joining and others leaving at most ports.
14200	Ms Duggan has also taken the chief executive lead role for the Herefordshire and Worcestershire Sustainability and Transformation Partnership.
14201	Ms Fisher clarified that the figures given in the report referred only to Kent’s resident population of children and young people in care; those placed in Kent by other local authorities were counted separately.
14202	Ms Fox said: 'People who don’t find themselves arriving in 'O Town' quite so quickly certainly shouldn’t feel like they’re unusual or "underperforming".'
14203	Ms Grant, who has not spoken to Meghan since 2015, said the design of the arms was “silly” because neither the UN, women’s rights nor “anything of substance” was represented there.
14204	Ms Hall said: “Many firms already take a common sense and sympathetic approach.
14205	Ms Hariram will receive a number of training opportunities to further develop this role.
14206	Ms Lawrie added: “The good news is that so many of our residents and their neighbours are on the alert and do not fall for such approaches.”
14207	Ms Lomas said: “The sewing skills needed to participate in a cloth of kindness are basic and easily learnt.
14208	Ms Morrissey, who has six daughters, said she had not heard of the…
14209	Ms Nguyen was dragged through the house and tortured to extract information including her bank card PIN number.
14210	Ms Spielman said: ‘There is a trade-off between breadth of curriculum and a focus on the achievement of these basic skills.’
14211	M&S's shoes have the added bonus of being made with their trademark 'Insolia' which we can vouch definitely makes for a comfier heel.
14212	Ms Tyrer says 'some' office closures as she clearly doesn't want to tell the truth.
14213	Ms Z said the social worker sounded negative about the prospect of success and had told her that the plan for G was potentially a placement in a mother and baby unit.
14214	M todays football sure wins predictions Radio App Have you ever listened to the Fantasy Sports Channel on SiriusXM Radio?
14215	Much better, in my opinion, is not to get too hung-up on levels: use them as mere markers of progress and focus more on enjoying the journey.
14216	Much consumer protection legislation is underpinned by the notion of the average or typical consumer, and what they might expect, understand or how they might behave.
14217	Much like the collotype process, this also takes advantage of the changing nature of bichromated gelatine after exposure to light to produce a continuous tone print.
14218	Much like users, staff satisfaction can be improved through empowerment.
14219	Much of Brearley’s work continues the focus he had while leading the Design for London team (at the Greater London Authority, from 2008 - 2013).
14220	Much of it had interesting red galls on the leaves (left), a Pontania sp. probably Pontania collactanea, (Symphyta) which has an affinity with Creeping Willow (thanks to Stuart Dunlop for the id).
14221	Much of my research focuses on understanding how cooperation between species can persist.
14222	Much of the revenue from Sky Blues’ matchdays alone has been going to Wasps.
14223	Much of the site was once managed as a Victorian country estate, although the original house of 1855 has since been demolished.
14224	Muhamed comes from a Charitable background, where he has worked for multiple housing associations over the last five years.
14225	Mullach provides the ideal base for walking, climbing, cycling, loch and sea fishing, birdwatching, and many watersports.
14226	Muller not only employed the whirlwind mechanism within his watches, he presented them on the dial, contrary to usual watchmaking practise at the time.
14227	Multiple sources have told Press Gazette of their concerns that some of the title’s reporters spend most of their time rewriting stories published elsewhere rather than on original reporting.
14228	Multiply that by the hundred or so projects he does a year and the decades he has been in business and he’s getting tens of thousands of dollars a year in ‘guaranteed’ revenue.
14229	“Multitasking” drivers who make business calls on the move may hope to impress the boss or close the deal – but they will achieve the exact opposite.
14230	Mum and two boys (6&7) non smoking household, with german shepherd looking to offer latest editions to our home.
14231	Mums-to-be in Tameside and Glossop were the most likely to smoke while pregnant, with nearly one in six (16.7pc) or 116 out of 700 doing so.
14232	Murray said: “We weren’t too far away in either of those games against sides who are going to be up there challenging at the top of the league this season.
14233	Murray spent thirty years as a cameraman for the BBC and ITV, and now works at Newton Fallowell as a professional photographer and writing sales particulars.
14234	Musical and neuropsychological interviews and testing were conducted to determine the extent of the participant’s aural acuity and synesthesia characteristics, as well as possible concurrent neuropsychological characteristics.
14235	Music at Aberdeen offers a range of diverse courses and the performance and composition skills that you will develop will help you prepare for an exciting career in music.
14236	Music in early years is vital.
14237	Music teaches so many other skills – listening, cooperation, teamwork, self-confidence and self-esteem.
14238	Music to while away those long winter nights.
14239	Muslims are football supporters too, some 16 percent of those who attend Premiership games are black or Asian.
14240	Must be able to use own initiative, be methodical and happy to work with high volume of paperwork.
14241	Must be an existing HSBC Advance or HSBC Premier Bank Account customer and the person you recommend to us successfully opens a new HSBC Advance Bank Account or HSBC Premier Bank Account and meets the relevant STEP Qualifying Criteria.
14242	Must be willing to engage with the support on offer.
14243	Must have garden!
14244	• Must have valid CPCS card.
14245	My academic interest centres around the comparative analysis of family policy and its effect on social and economic outcomes for women and children.
14246	My and my OH think they have a perfect feel to them and love the lace top, such nice detail.
14247	My apologies for yesterday evening.
14248	My applications seem to use about 5-6GB RAM regularly - 8GB work's fine for me.
14249	My area of the holiday park is usually quiet, as others guests have said.
14250	My background is in Latin American studies and I studied an MA at UCL Institute of the Americas.
14251	My best friend keeps getting hit by his girlfriend for spending too much time with me.
14252	My blog has a lot of exclusive content I’ve either created myself or outsourced but it appears a lot of it is popping it up all over the web without my agreement.
14253	My bogey words are still used in waste company names and in adverts for professional services in this Journal.
14254	My brother in France is now a chef, and of course there is my other brother Olivier, who co-owns the bakery.
14255	My career change from Marketing to Primary School Teacher has enabled me to experience the incredible highs of helping children to realise their full potential, whilst also developing an understanding of the challenges faced in schools on a daily basis.
14256	My charger is model A1330, 60W MagSafe power adapter with "T" style connector.
14257	My choice of suitable gloves for airgunners boils down to two main options.
14258	My client is looking for an expert in PHP development and will consider all levels, whether you're fresh out of uni, self-taught or an old hand.
14259	“My collection for NFW16 was really colourful and used lots of different fabric dying techniques, focusing on silk.
14260	My concern was that the car should be delivered by transporter and not driven.
14261	My condition has no physical signs, so many people have no idea.
14262	My constituents simply cannot afford any more barriers to be put in their way when they are seeking employment, and by not entering a customs union, the Government are doing just that.
14263	My coverage ranges from 1 hour to around 12 hours, depending on my couples' requirements and their budget.
14264	My current role is a Private Secretary in government."
14265	“‘My dad couldn’t even bring himself to come and see us for the first couple of days for fear of breaking down’.”
14266	“My Dad was so worried, it affected his health.
14267	My daughter enjoyed playing in the large lawned garden ajoining the restaurant and she loved feeding the fish in the pond in the garden centre.
14268	My daughter paid the fee on her ‘phone.
14269	My daughter, thank god, is nothing like me!
14270	My dishes are scratched after using my Beko dishwasher.
14271	My doctor has noticed a difference with my progress and commented that I look better as a result.
14272	My driving instructor was Greg Facey and I cannot highly recommend him enough.
14273	My earlier post may have been missed by you, but I thought I explained the points you raise.
14274	My earliest recollection was my mother’s insistence on a beach tray!
14275	Myers Tetbury Latex 120cm Divan SetThe Tetbury Comfort Latex 1800 is the top of the range mattress from the Horatio Myer’s Comfort Collection.
14276	My ex is in New Zealand.
14277	My experience is that most still ooze a tad of white sludge.
14278	My family are very important to me, without their love and support I don't think I would have made it this far in life.
14279	My family had been in the lingerie industry before, so I was able to make some connections.
14280	My family there have faced terrible, traumatic events, including capture by so-called Islamic State.
14281	My fave author is Enid Blyton: i’ve got the whole series of Malory towers plus 1 by Pamela Cox!
14282	My favourite band is JLS.
14283	My favourite job has been my current job because of the variety of work and opportunity to work in different locations such as Switzerland, France, Germany, US and India.
14284	My favourite thing about Huddersfield is being able to access the library 24/7 – I found it was really quiet on a Sunday so I could go in, get my head down and be productive.
14285	“My favourite thing about the garden is the most beautiful liquidambar tree.
14286	My final question is: will the Minister join me in condemning the nasty, abusive, racist tweets that my hon.
14287	My first pint was in the Golden Cross where in those days they served mild from the Northampton Brewery Company.
14288	My first proper band was called Rococo.
14289	My first stint with GA I to was doing absolutely great 6-7months gone.
14290	My first visit to ANGEL NAILS I was made to feel like i was the most important customer.
14291	My friend and i chose the Spanish Tapas course.
14292	My friend suggest me to use this blog.
14293	My future aspirations are to work within the fashion industry as a printed textile designer.
14294	My guests arrived for welcoming drinks at 2.00pm and it just ran so smoothly drinks were ready.
14295	My head can be full of comments from people I’ve met that day and scenarios we’ve assessed.
14296	My history and English coursework at A level was 2,500 words, so I remember the first week thinking 'there is no way I can write this in a week'!
14297	My home insurer used to give four weeks notice of the renewal; this year they rushed it out five weeks before the renewal date at the end of April 2017 to avoid having to quote the existing premium.
14298	My hope of this research was to just add to the collective efforts around the country to improve food labelling.
14299	My husband and I have three bicycles between us and our 6 year-old son has a Tomcat Special Needs Tricycle, the back of which can be converted into a trailer on one of our bikes.
14300	"My husband and I recently decided to commission a new memorial stone for David, which better reflected his personality than the somewhat impersonal one we had.
14301	My husband and I sang so happily and I'm sure you could see the tension lifting from our shoulders, we danced, and smiled and clapped away.
14302	My husband enjoyed the birding right on the property.”
14303	My husband has the whole house to lay.
14304	My interest centres upon the HQ 8th AAF Composite Command and upon 401st Signal Company, Aviation.
14305	“My interest in food production and processing is probably as a result of my farming background.
14306	My interests include:movies,im a huge movie buff,i go usually at least once a week.
14307	My involvement in these productions also showed how proactive I am in my local community.
14308	My last trip to Nassau left a poor impression on me.
14309	My legs, because they are quite long.
14310	My life felt completely out of control, so bad I tried to kill myself.
14311	My Lords, 35 out of 121 low-income and middle-income countries have increased their spend on AIDS by more than 100%, with all domestic spending on AIDS amounting to some 60% of the total.
14312	My Lords, before we hear the winding-up speeches, and although my name is not on the list of speakers, I would like to make a few brief remarks.
14313	My Lords, having restrained myself for four and a half hours and having done a huge amount of work in the Library, I will, despite the amendment having been given only a few minutes, detain your Lordships for a few more moments.
14314	My Lords, I add my thanks and congratulations to all concerned in this area.
14315	My Lords, I obviously share in the concern about what has happened.
14316	My Lords, I thank noble Lords who have taken part in the debate.
14317	My Lords, I too congratulate the noble Lord, Lord Cormack, on securing this debate, which reflects the enormous passion and commitment that he brings to this field of our national life.
14318	My Lords, the noble Lord is aware that the business community has culled and fined its companies in the matter of strength and management to get through this very difficult economic stage.
14319	My Lords, we all wish the Minister good fortune in her important task later this week in New York.
14320	My main priority would be to prevent the County installing more of the same appalling "facilities" currently on offer to cyclists.
14321	“My main target for the season now is to get into the top 16 in time for Sheffield,” said the five-time ranking event winner.
14322	My message to those gangs is to stay out of Essex because we are coming after you.
14323	My mother goes to saltley pensioners at the back of the Methodist church on alum rock rd.
14324	My mother would let me go if they’d come get me and bring me home.
14325	My MPhil and DPhil focused on Babylonian poetry, and alongside my research I wrote a trilogy of plays set in ancient Assyria.
14326	My MPhil thesis explored the mutual impact of women's careers in high street banking and motherhood.
14327	My mum, my sister, my brother-in-law, niece and nephew, not to mention a couple of good friends, all celebrate birthdays this month.
14328	My name is Branka Valic and I'm running family bussines in tourism sector.
14329	My name is Donna Gelman.
14330	My name is Micky I am a problem gambler that won't gamble today.
14331	'My name is Phil Johnson, I currently work for a company called Groundwork North East & Cumbria.
14332	My name is Ryan Compton.
14333	My name may be published alongside the comment on the website, but my e-mail address will not be published.
14334	“My nan has a calendar and writes down everything.
14335	My nieces and nephews help look after me.”
14336	My noble friend has done us a service by bringing forward this issue.
14337	My objectives were fully met in that I wanted to understand and learn some techniques in coaching to improve what I have learned intuitively in the past.”
14338	My opinion is that the service is not fit for purpose and I do not beleave the technical help desk when they say the service will get faster, I need it to work now, not next year.
14339	My other half has got a place in Liverpool (where Hollyoaks is filmed) so we want to get somewhere together.
14340	My own research at GALYIC found that 92% of the fifty members interviewed had experienced bullying in schools.
14341	My parents have lived in this area all their lives and it is difficult for them to go out and see so many people they know without getting upset.
14342	My parents have often said to me, ‘well you’ve not been brought up like that!’
14343	My partner and I enjoyed 10 nights staying at this apartment which is perfectly stocked to self cater, and even has things like a first aid kit, a sewing kit and plenty of candles in case of power out…
14344	My partner Azad had the technical knowledge and I was confident I could run the broader business.
14345	My proudest moment was when a Travel Photographer of the Year judge came to the gallery and started to buy my work.
14346	My questions relate to Brentwood Borough Council (the council).
14347	Myra Sands is the definition of a live wire.
14348	My research aims at understanding the interaction of global and local sleep regulatory mechanisms.
14349	My research skills have really improved.'
14350	My results show that the immediate progenies of stressed plants displayed better germination and survival rate under high salinity, but contrary to current theories this effect is lost in the following non-stressed generation.
14351	My role involves supporting the business in the creation of new business proposals and tender responses.
14352	My role was researching the feasibility of providing visitors with further information and a possible garden explaining this incredible story of evolution.
14353	My salary was £2/10s and I remember being called into the boss's office after I'd been there six months to be told that my salary was being increased by 2/3d.
14354	"Myself and everyone at the club will give him all the support we can to help achieve this."
14355	"Myself and my hubby along with our 2 little boys (3 & 1) had an absolutely wonderful time at this pretty cottage.
14356	My sister goes sailing.”
14357	"My sister looked at me and said she could see that my face didn't look right," Kwapong said, according to the BBC.
14358	“My songs are rooted in the blues and honouring that long tradition is important to me,” reflects Sari.
14359	My son has admitted that he feels partly responsible for his dad.
14360	My specialism is medieval French and Anglo-Norman language and literature.
14361	“My speed is one of my best attributes so I like to use it when I’m playing right-back, pushing the opposition back and getting forward.
14362	My stomach hurt badly and I felt terrible.
14363	My supervisors were extremely supportive of my development as a scholar and generously shared their knowledge of the latest and most promising questions being asked in whatever new field of study I sought out.
14364	My target for the season used to be to take as many catches as I could, but it looks as if that’s going to be out the window!”
14365	Mytholmroyd Flood Action formed and will work on behalf of local residents and businesses in Mytholmroyd and Cragg Vale who may be at risk, and will look at ways to minimise the effects of any future flooding.
14366	My time at CEM has seen a rich interweaving of knowledge between the course modules and my every day work, creating an enhanced understanding of all aspects of both environments.
14367	My total bill, including the frame and two sets of wheels, general road plus a pair for racing – on large flange Record hubs - came to £83 odd.
14368	“My whole experience of volunteering for Hearing Dogs has opened up many new opportunities and I’ve found I can do things I never thought I’d be able to do, for example speaking in public.
14369	My wife and I got married here yesterday, can't praise the venue, food and staff highly enough.
14370	“My wife had an aggressive form of breast cancer and a mastectomy seven years ago.
14371	"My wife has been contented and enjoyed your company."
14372	My wife loves to wear this.
14373	My work comes from my life long passion for animals and nature.
14374	Nadia Ogilvie and Emma Elston, both making the step up from racing in the thirds team last year, ran gutsy races after a fast start to finish eleventh and sixteenth respectively.
14375	Nailsea Charity Walks is being held on June 25 this year and entrance is £6 for adults – children can enter for free.
14376	Named after iconic equine winners at Newcastle Racecourse, the Sergeant Cecil, Tominator, Harchibald and Overturn Marquees are very popular hospitality options across festival racedays, and it is advised to book as early as possible.
14377	Named 'Best Heritage Hotel 2014' by the Pacific Area Travel Writers' Association, this is a fine, relaxing country hotel.
14378	Naming ceremonies - Wokingham Borough Council This site uses cookies to make the site simpler.
14379	Nanotechnologists design and build devices and materials on a tiny scale.
14380	NAO said “game changes, among other factors, can cause inaccuracies”.
14381	Natalie chairs the Board Risk Committee at a large building society, a senior financial services board responsibility.
14382	Natalie Reynolds, CEO of advantageSpring and author of We Have a Deal delivered the first Westminster Business School Masterclass on Thursday 15 September, kicking the evening off by answering the question posed in her title: Is Negotiation a Man’s Game?
14383	National Citizen Service is a once in a lifetime experience for all 16-17 year olds.
14384	“National Crime Agency officers have been running a complex investigation for more than a year targeting those alleged to be involved in smuggling migrants using small boats.
14385	National Energy Services - bromsgrove.
14386	Nationality Checking Service (NCS) is for those applying for British citizenship via paper application forms.
14387	National Library of Wales: Aberystwyth, Dyfed, Wales, SY23 3BU.
14388	Nationally renowned paramedic staff with both clinical and research expertise, a long-standing collaboration with the West Midlands Ambulance Service who provide support, placement provision and mentorship for students.
14389	National prestige, and the need to find a public role for this hero, witnessed Wellington’s immediate post-war elevation to the Tory government and his role as diplomat and ambassador.
14390	National Trading Standards Scams Team Manager, Louise Baxter, said: ‘The tactics used by scammers leave victims socially isolated and ashamed of telling their friends and families what’s really going on behind closed doors.
14391	Nationwide Limited Access Online Saver — Which?
14392	Natura 2000 is much more than a signposting exercise, although it does help point us towards the best places to get out into the wild and up close to wildlife.
14393	Natural beauty is not about boycotting makeup; it’s more about letting our natural healthy skin and features take centre stage.
14394	Natural England work closely with SSSI owners and occupiers, local planning authorities, other Government Departments and Agencies, and developers.
14395	Naturally beautiful models step out in bikinis for the David Jones casting call - despite Jesinta Campbell saying 'I hope they have whacked some spray tan on'
14396	Naturally, this has led to many jobs, so housing, schooling, shopping and leisure activities are superb, encouraging both singles and families to set up home here.
14397	Natural makeup and skincare: The rise of organic beauty products.
14398	Nature is in big trouble, but we've got big plans to save it, you can help.
14399	Nature lovers won’t want to leave the Puerto Rico area without visiting the Cambalache State Forest.
14400	Nature wants us dead.
14401	NAVA member Clive Emson Auctioneers have reported strong spring sales across the South of England showing there is still an appetite for residential property investments despite the three per cent Stamp Duty surcharge.
14402	Nazir Ahmed, aged 30, was given the 12 month injunction at a hearing at Huddersfield County Court on October 17.
14403	N.B. Not to be used on organic materials such as pearls, coral and cameos.
14404	NB ‘On the road' prices include 20.0% VAT, number plates, delivery, 12 months road fund licence, first registration fee, 3 year or 60,000 mile warranty and 3 years European Roadside Assistance.
14405	NCA-CEOP has produced a film resource for parents and carers to help them prevent their children coming to harm through sharing sexual imagery: https://www.
14406	NCA statistics show that from 2012-13 to 2015-16 the number of missing related calls in England, Wales & Scotland increased from 306,118 to 377,710.
14407	NDM additionally spoke to one of Associate Professor Dorrell's patients about their experiences of living with HIV.
14408	NDNA's app developed by explores children's behaviour, more specifically schemas.
14409	Neal Milsom, Chief Financial Officer of EE, commented: "Today's results are in-line with our expectations, and we are making good progress focusing on high value segments.
14410	Nearby Sandbanks beach is heaven for sun worshippers and water sports enthusiasts alike.
14411	Nearby, the port of Ipswich is a crucial part of the Haven Gateway, which includes Felixstowe, Harwich and Mistley – together they are considered to be the single most important cluster of ports in the UK.
14412	Near its end, the trail passes some steps up to the gate of the Kunigundenkirche cemetery.
14413	Nearly 2.5 million are now out of work- a staggering increase of 870,000 since the recession began.
14414	Nearly 40 years after its first appearance in print, the story finally makes it to book status, in the 1994 Penguin 'Collected stories'.
14415	Nearly 40 years on, Maddy is still out touring.
14416	Nearly all renovation projects are different from one another so finding a common approach to the costs is difficult.
14417	Neath Port Talbot Council leader Ali Thomas said "It is fantastic to hear more good news of people finding sustainable jobs through the Workways project.
14418	Need further help with Equestrian Businesses?
14419	Need further information on Practical Action?
14420	Needless to say, if you want the latest, most modern luxury SUV available, you’ll have to wait for the Touareg’s forthcoming replacement.
14421	Needless to say, the debate (and Piers) are still going strong.
14422	Need more styles from this company.
14423	Negative keywords, particularly account-level, is not something you check and update on daily basis but again, it can be a real time-saver when there is such a need.
14424	Neglect: A situation where surgeons become unnecessarily complacent when carrying out an operation.
14425	Neighbourhood planning is making a big contribution, right across the country.
14426	“Neighbourhood Plans give our communities greater influence and control over how the place where they live is developed in future.
14427	Neighbourhoods are invited to suggest what should be done to make communities look more attractive.
14428	Neil Barrett, 48, of Rayners Way in Mattishall, is wanted on recall to prison for breaching the terms of his license.
14429	Neil Davidson, Marshalls’ Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Manager was presented with the award by the Right Honourable Jane Kennedy MP, Financial Secretary to the Treasury at a prestigious event hosted at HM Treasury on 17th October.
14430	Neil Findlay, the MSP for Lothian, said: “This is simply a disgrace with parents facing a 20-mile trip to Edinburgh with a sick child.”
14431	Neil Greenberg is a consultant occupational and forensic psychiatrist.
14432	Neil is a Chartered Financial Analyst charter holder and has an MSc in Accounting and Finance from LSE.
14433	Neil Stuart Harvey, 51, of Station Farm, 20 Sleaford Road, Tattershall, pleaded guilty to driving in excess of 30mph on the B1192.
14434	Neither disappointed with the first race seeing Gault in second and Kain in third whilst they followed this up in race two with Gault in third and Kain in fifth.
14435	Nestled on the border between Staffordshire and Derbyshire stands a seemingly sleepy Georgian country house.
14436	Nestled within the superb scenery of.
14437	Nestle next to a roaring log fire and spend your afternoon tucking into a delicious display of sandwiches, home baked scones, cakes and tasty fancies.
14438	NEST uses the details of each group along with your payment source(s) to generate contribution schedules.
14439	Net company growth for Oxford during the fourth quarter of 2011 (Oct 2011 - Dec 2011) was 91 companies.
14440	Network Rail (then known as Railtrack) informed the Parish Council on 18 October 2000 that they do not require the station buildings and put the station buildings and adjoining land for sale with closing date for the tenders on 17 November 2000.
14441	Never before has such large audiences been so accessible at such extraordinary rates compared with traditional advertising.
14442	Never follow a link on a suspicious looking email, even if it seems to be coming from a trustworthy name.
14443	Never let your bank or credit cards out of sight in shops and restaurants to prevent cloning.
14444	Never out of print since its publication, if you’ve never read the book before then you won’t be surprised to learn that the story revolves around the title characters.
14445	Never perhaps, have sterner accents affirmed the sovereignty of impersonal and unrecompensing Law.
14446	Never put all your eggs in one basket.
14447	Never respond to emails, open attachments or click on links from suspicious or unknown senders.
14448	Nevertheless, after it was all reconsidered by the meeting, we decided to proceed, and a very clean and efficient small firm quickly installed the system.
14449	Nevertheless, Barts Health Trust experienced an attack earlier this year that seriously interfered with the smooth running of the five hospitals it manages.
14450	Nevertheless, Lunn’s father was suitably impressed and sent a copy to Mendelssohn, who replied with the following letter, the wax seal of which bears the composer’s initials.
14451	Nevertheless, this book makes one want to discuss the material, particularly with a peer, and thus succeeds in its aim of inspiring debate.
14452	New ABC Standards have been agreed for Business Magazines.
14453	New Anglia LEP, a unique business-led collaboration, working with businesses and local authority partners to help grow jobs, drive innovation and increase productivity…
14454	New Audi A4 DTM with impressive season tally.
14455	Newbury Showground is a fairground located in Thatcham.
14456	Newcastle-based property company, Adderstone Group, has submitted plans for a proposed 535-bed student scheme on the site of the Technopole…
14457	Newcastle Furniture Co is in Station Parade, Harrogate.
14458	New CEDIA members, Moovia have brought their seating range to this years show.
14459	New churches being started in the ‘gray zone’.
14460	New clause 11 does not tell us very much about the resourcing requirements for this new commission and the time needed to establish it, nor did the hon.
14461	New comedy programme Car Share will premiere on the BBC's online TV service.
14462	New consortium secures Government funding to position the UK as a leader in connected and autonomous vehicles.
14463	New data released by HMRC at the end of Q3 2015, found that in 2003/4 sales of London homes contributed 28.4% of all SDLT receipts across England.
14464	New decking has been purchased and we are now looking for assistance and expertise to make our garden transformation a reality.
14465	New electric fire, only 4 months old.
14466	New equipment is to be introduced and more staff are to be trained, to add to the existing 30 wardens who were trained in South Africa.
14467	New(er) BigV client is out!
14468	Newer iPads and iPhones also let you use fingerprint recognition to open the devices.
14469	Newer places like The Carriageworks Theatre rival older ones such as The City Varieties, famous for music hall, and The Grand, where Opera North offers regular performances.
14470	New Forest south-east and north ranges from the south-east, 2000.
14471	New for this academic year, the Wellbeing team is planning to pilot Five Ways at a secondary school in the area in order to reach an older age group.
14472	New garden flat of 2217 sqft in small exclusive luxury block being built to a high specification on this premier tree lined avenue, off Hendon Lane.
14473	New government requirements for the Glazing Industry started 6th June 2014.
14474	New graduates will be contacted regarding this 15 months after the completion of studies.
14475	New insight from CASM and Ipsos-Mori.
14476	New laboratories house research groups making use of the Institute's genome sequences and data-handling skills.
14477	New legislation has transferred responsibility for these pipes to Thames Water.
14478	New lighting ducts were installed to provide light for the area connected to an existing substation.
14479	“New opportunities and doors will open up for me.
14480	New Order were the headline act for the Saturday night, playing a rowdy set including their hit ‘Blue Monday’.
14481	New overseas professional Derval Green is hoping to repay the faith Carlisle Cricket Club have shown in him.
14482	Newport City Council does not lease blocks of flats or Houses in Multiple Occupation (HMOs).
14483	New pump is quieter, but it has reduced-bore connectors to accomodate service valves that I'm not best pleasedabout.
14484	New purpose-built storage facilities have been created to house the expanded photography collection, and an extensive project to catalogue and digitise the RPS collection is now underway.
14485	New refurbished House share for Young professionals, 2 minutes walk from the centre of town / Colchester town station.
14486	New research counters the stereotype that homosexual relationships are dysfunctional.
14487	New research themes have been formed in Materials and Structural IntegrityThermo-Fluid, Energy and Manufacturing EngineeringBiomechanical EngineeringPolymer and Composites has grown to be a distinctive theme of its own.
14488	News and updates on worker involvement.
14489	News Blaze - Women's Consumption of Underwear and The Fashioning of Female Identity - degree at the School of Management, University of Leicester.
14490	New school principal 'has made a real difference'
14491	New Shaft remains amid woodland in an area that has by large been cleared of Mining evidence.
14492	News - High Street Sales Tracker April 2018 - BDO Go to main navigationThis site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalised service.
14493	Newspaper is a great substitute for bubble wrap.
14494	New Sport Activity Coupé is here.
14495	Newsquest Adrossan is now recruiting for a dynamic & driven Multimedia Field Sales Executive.
14496	New studies are discovering the benefits are far greater than we could have imagined, way beyond just getting fitter and feeling more relaxed.
14497	New subscribers also get an exclusive £10 Razer code to use on their first order, so you can get more value out of your Razer purchase as a thank you!
14498	New team structures and roles within HEFCE have now taken effect.
14499	NEW - The Certificate of Work Readiness GuideCould you offer a work placement to a young person?
14500	Newton Mearns town centre serves as a local convenience centre focused primarily on local customers and is important to the Eastwood side of East Renfrewshire.
14501	New transport infrastructure will also be delivered as part of the development and nearby Newmarket Road will be upgraded.
14502	New-Way Homes offers the traditional values of a family run business, alongside the efficient use of technology to market the homes of clients.
14503	New ways to connect proteins and study their plasticityTwo recent papers from Mark Howarth, Michael Fairhead and colleagues describe how they have exploited one of the most widely used tools in biomedical research.
14504	New wheelchair ramps are being fitted to the new Volvo single deck buses, the buses will then be painted into EYMS colours.
14505	New Years Eve deserves a party, a big one!
14506	New York does hotel bars well.
14507	Next came a really refreshing song and dance number called A Fella With An Umbrella, part of a medley from Easter Parade.
14508	Next: How does oxygen therapy help?
14509	Next I want to move into policy work – and to challenge the policies that keep people poor.
14510	Next season with the programme in full swing the hope is that it will develop even more players for Bognor’s first team, aiding their bid to secure an immediate return to the National League South.
14511	Next, tap on Comments and turn on the Hide Inappropriate Comments button to filter comments using a default list of key words, or enter specific customer keywords in the Customer Keyword box provided.
14512	Next, the leaves are dried and rolled to attain the familiar needle shape and release the juices inside thus intensifying the taste.
14513	Next to east London, the rest of the capital’s offerings pale a little, and rental yields in south London are down on what they were last year.
14514	Next to the kitchen is the downstairs bathroom with a bath, basin and wc.
14515	Next to the swimming pool are original animal shelters and these have have been converted to provide a sort of outdoor dining room with large table and chairs overlooking the pool, ideal for a warm summers day.
14516	Next up, Derby Arena will be hosting award-winning comedian and writer Ed Byrne on Friday 20th April at 8.00pm.
14517	Next up, our miscellaneous household section.
14518	“Next we will test the therapy in mice, make sure it is safe and see if it can be combined with other therapies.
14519	Next year may be harder, as enthusiasm for his En Marche coalition, broad but shallow, falters.
14520	Next year’s national minimum wage should go up by no more than 1 per cent, business rates need to be kept at an affordable level and Business Rate Supplements must not exceed the likely value of the benefit that businesses will receive, the BRC said.
14521	Next year the unfunded rise goes up to £1.2m.
14522	Next year, though, is going to be even better…
14523	NFU CYMRU has said that new food supply chain measures announced by the Westminster Government show a positive direction of travel in protecting the rights of farmers.
14524	N-Hance seeks Master Franchisee's to grow the brand in their markets and sell franchises to grow the brand in their territory.
14525	NHS Continuing Healthcare: NHS Continuing Healthcare is the name given to a package of care that is arranged and funded solely by the NHS for individuals aged 18 and over who are not in hospital but have complex ongoing healthcare needs.
14526	NHS dentistry was the only service to see a statistically significant increase in levels of public satisfaction this year; at 61 per cent it was up 7 percentage points from 2015.
14527	NHS England is consulting on the plans currently, but already a number of local commissioners have made the decision to advise GPs in their area not to prescribe these treatments.
14528	NHS Friends and Family Test (FFT) has reached a memorable milestone today by achieving its ten millionth piece of feedback from patients.
14529	NHS Healthcare Improvement Scotland is the lead organisation in improving the quality of healthcare delivered by NHSScotland.
14530	NHS including continuing healthcare (CHC) Services are not chargeable.
14531	Nice apartment, well located and convenient to the metro.
14532	Nice friendly ladies who made my visit a pleasant experience.
14533	Nice people to have around.
14534	Nice start to the tour, on to the Gerry Weber Stadium, normally a tennis venue, sliding roof and all that.
14535	Nick Bunker, Chair of FDF’s Sustainability Steering Group and President of Kraft Foods UK & Ireland, said: “I am delighted that strong progress to reduce our sector’s water use continues, three years since the launch of the FHC.
14536	Nicki Graham complained to the Press Complaints Commission that the magazine had published an article which incorrectly stated as fact that breast-feeding had left a woman infertile.
14537	Nick’s gregariousness and impish sense of humour sets the tone.
14538	NIC liabilities may arise in some circumstances on other options or share awards.
14539	Nigel first came to prominence when winning the British Formula Ford Championship in 1977 before graduating to Formula Three.
14540	Nigeria will hold general elections in February 2015.
14541	Night shifts and out-of-hours are a little different, but there’s always someone to help you, should you need it.
14542	NILGOSC has also prepared a briefing note for members on how it views fossil free divestment and climate risk.
14543	Nine of the bedsits are specifically for younger people aged 18-25.
14544	Nine-year-old Emily Hawker faced the chop on Monday at Sweeney Todd Hair Salon in Pershore and will now donate her hair to the Little Princess Trust.
14545	Nissan’s primary focus with the 2018 Qashqai has been to produce better ride comfort, and this has been achieved by re-tuning the dampers, reducing the single wheel spring rate, and modifying rubber components.
14546	Niẓāmī's or Seven Beauties, the acclaimed tale of Bahrām Gūr visiting seven princesses in seven pavilions was retold by many later poets.
14547	No additions or changes may be made to an order once placed.
14548	No architects were found in this town.
14549	No attempt is made to provide a comprehensive resource for members' specialised research.
14550	Nobbled and gnomish oaks lined Erwarton Walk, all ancient and weather-blasted like a procession of gnarled old Ents with skinny arms akimbo.
14551	No beneficial influence was revealed of methadone dosage or program attendance in itself on the risk of relapse into cocaine.
14552	Nobody knows what happened to her.
14553	Nobody likes surprises after they've committed to a system.
14554	No cash alternative will be offered and the promotional bonus cannot be used to purchase the £2 online delivery charge, carrier bags, electronic savings or, in Scotland, alcohol purchases.
14555	No consideration will be given later than the end of January to cases based on pre-existing medical conditions.
14556	No damage is done to property or its contents, beyond normal wear and tear.
14557	No data is available for previous years.
14558	No dogs are put to sleep except in exceptional circumstances.
14559	No element of your mortgage is held on an interest only basis.
14560	No extra charge for out of hours.
14561	No fixed term but designed to be held for at least 5 to 10 years.
14562	No food is allowed in the children’s facilities, other than that provided by the Club.
14563	No gambling means no gambling.
14564	No help but is it cheaper to spin your own yarn then? as I've taken up knitting and crocheting again and yarn is costing me the earth.
14565	No, I am not kidding.
14566	No, I do not, because it would add to the business models of the smugglers.
14567	No incidences of data loss occurred during the year.
14568	No, in order to maintain a fair recruitment process.
14569	'NoiseBear: A Wireless Malleable Instrument Designed In Participation with Disabled Children'.
14570	Noise is part of everyday life, but excessive noise can be a real nuisance.
14571	Noise, verbal abuse, children’s behaviour, pets, boundary issues, car parking and many other sources of dispute.
14572	No. I wanted to work in marketing, but had very little idea of how to get there.
14573	No, I won’t read it because the author is known for dishonesty.
14574	No job is too small and no job is too bigWe can install them all.
14575	No liability is accepted by NEBOSH for information provided by external websites or for any decisions made on the basis of information given here.
14576	No licensed vaccines are currently available for humans and those widely used in livestock have major safety concerns.
14577	No longer do we want to fill out data capture forms that you didn’t blink twice at.
14578	No longer should we see a decline in Africa’s elephant population.
14579	“No Major Construction project will ever be completed on schedule or within budget”
14580	No man-made surfaces can approach this.
14581	No matter how many times you go, you’ll find yourself drawn back to Ireland time and time again!
14582	No matter how rugged the road, the ROAD CLAW is master of its terrain.
14583	No matter the format – ebooks, infographics, webinars, videos or white papers – make sure every piece of content you publish is useful and interesting.
14584	No matter the size of your business, there are opportunities for your company to be involved in the Woking Food and Drink Festival 2018.
14585	No matter where you are based in Majorca, there are great cultural coach tours that will take you to some of the islands hidden gems.
14586	No matter which TLD a customer reserves, registrations always expire in a similar way.
14587	No maximum - all day and all night Residential parking.
14588	No maximum number.
14589	Nominations are open until 30th November.
14590	Nominations will be accepted from the date upon which the notice of election is posted, which will be no later than 27 March 2018.
14591	Nomi went on to become a part-time technician at Pegasus and then a specialist Youth Leader in Technical and Production.
14592	No more than twice a month-you have a business to run.
14593	Non-coding stem-bulge RNAs are required for cell proliferation and embryonic development in C. elegans.
14594	Non compliance with the practice may not only result in sanctions from the CMA, but could also mean possible exclusion from membership of TPO once reviewed through the Disciplinary and Standards Committee (DSC).
14595	Non-credit-bearing course fees includes all fee income received in respect of non-credit-bearing liberal adult education, continuing education or extra-mural courses.
14596	Non-disclosure can lead to people not accessing the support they need.
14597	No need to book or commit long term - just come along!
14598	No need to further support beneath the waste!
14599	None of Hosiery Mills’s frotnline batsmen could get going and they slid to 37-4, 77-6 and 116-8 against Hawley (4-33 in 12 overs), Keast (2-26 in eight) and Jack Cattrall (2-30 in 12).
14600	None of that means that this should be limited purely to the Executive, even when there is confidentiality on market access.
14601	None of that nonsense in the Commies.
14602	None of them can be making the personal computer video recording methods using commercial enterprise very quickly, even though brand new ones have come up.
14603	"None of them care about what's best for my daughter - it's all about spending less.
14604	None of these sources provide detailed employment histories of individual members.
14605	Non-eosinophilic asthma and the innate immune response.
14606	Nonetheless, he is confident he has what it takes to shine in tier-two.
14607	No networks do not keep this information.
14608	No, not a night out at a dodgy disco in the 1980’s; hockey.
14609	Non-personal information used to track a visitor’s route through the website.
14610	Non-residential transactions were down year-on-year by 23% at £708m.
14611	Non-socialist Radicals, Irish Nationalists and even some members of the Liberal Party were also involved.
14612	Non-Sterling Transaction fee 2.95% of the amount of the sterling transaction value.
14613	Non-tax payers and basic rate taxpayers will suffer no deduction of tax on interest received up to a maximum amount of £1,000 (for higher rate taxpayers the allowance is £500, and there’s no allowance for additional rate taxpayers).
14614	Nonviolent resistance to the Nazis in Denmark, Holland, and Norway, as well as the successful protests in Berlin by the non-Jewish wives of imprisoned Jewish husbands suggested a potential that was never fully realized—not even close.
14615	No. of Adults, Children, Pets.
14616	No-one backs Baby into a corner!
14617	No one came to clean it up the during our entire lunch.
14618	No one else puts in the levels of professionalism, training and innovation that we do — and no one else works harder to ensure both you and your little one feel safe and happy.
14619	No-one from the newspaper contacted the complainant before publication, however, and a subsequent clarification concerning the nature of her daughter’s illness was completely inadequate.
14620	No one had come to see just how heavy it all was.
14621	No one has said "We got it wrong" or even "We could have done better."
14622	No one has the right to be physically violent.
14623	No one—no economist, and certainly no politician—quite knows why, over the centuries, consumers have suddenly lost confidence in the economy in which they live, thereby triggering a downturn in economic activity.
14624	No-one realistically spends 24 hours of the day studying.
14625	No-one wants to be clad in top-to-toe polyester at this time of year, especially when there's a baby on board.
14626	“No one wants to freeze while defrosting their car.
14627	No one was injured as a result.
14628	No one will mind if you don't sing.
14629	No option to capitalise borrowing or development costs.
14630	No overheads at all.
14631	No party spent over this amount at this election.
14632	No payment is made and the performance is arranged by school authorities.
14633	NO Petticoats Here, a one-woman show about the First World War, celebrates the hidden stories of women involved in the war effort and is coming to Collingbourne Kingston.
14634	Nopi would have you believe that ‘St Davids’ is against this application.
14635	Nor does it apply to replacement cartridges for safety razors, where less than 2mm of the blade is exposed.
14636	Nor do they always like to discuss personal issues of the impact of disease, and how they are coping with it, in clinic, but instead focus on aspects of medication and treatment.
14637	"no resource but the army or navy."
14638	No response, but Ebay still asking me to respond.
14639	No response from customer support.
14640	No response to divorce petition-what next?
14641	Norfolk students have celebrated the world’s first day dedicated to bees by turning an area of their college into a “bee friendly” garden.
14642	Nor had I been invited to choose between hanging, the guillotine and a firing squad, as now often happens on Twitter.
14643	Nor is altered BG listed as a symptom of magnesium deficiency.
14644	Normal charge is £60 - £80 (pls see website) or call to discuss about Discounted Rates for Long Term therapy.
14645	Normally, as part of the menstrual cycle, your womb lining thickens every month to receive a fertilised egg.
14646	Normally this will be necessary for the performance of your contract with us or for the exercise or defence of legal claims on your behalf.
14647	Normal things, but will seriously dent my recovery plan.
14648	Norman was the younger son of William Atkinson Procter and Rebecca Procter of the Manor House, Rylstone.
14649	Norrie, whose win on Monday was only his second in his fourth Grand Slam, said: “I love being the underdog.
14650	Northants will play all eight of their One-Day Cup fixtures by June 8, meaning there is limited recovery time for Gleeson, who has enjoyed a rapid rise to prominence.
14651	North Berwick town centre boasts plenty of shops, restaurants, pubs and places to stay.
14652	North East Recognition Awards Finalists Announced - BICScPlease type into the box below to search the site for your required information.
14653	North east roots : a guide to sources" Diack, H. Lesley : 2nd ed. Scotland : H.L. Diack, 1990.
14654	Northern Ireland is a weird little place when it comes to drink.
14655	Northern Visions is a small team and we rely on the support and generosity of local groups and our dedicated volunteers.
14656	North Lanarkshire Council accepts no responsibility for any costs associated with the prize and not specifically included in the prize (including, without limitation, travel to and from the event).
14657	North off Box Hill road in to Ashurst Drive.
14658	North of Sanquhar is Kirkconnel, a former mining village with a memorial to all the miners killed over the years in the former mines.
14659	North side of the junction of two minor roads.
14660	North Wales Police are obliged to remain impartial and restrict any information given to fact only.
14661	North Walsham led 36-10 at the break but the second half was a complete contrast, with the visitors failing to score and three tries in the 15 minutes seeing Diss close the gap to just two points.
14662	North Warwickshire Currently has no Air Quality Management Areas which means that the air quality in North Warwickshire is currently achieving the Air Quality Objectives set by Europe for oxides of nitrogen, sulphur dioxide and particulate matter.
14663	North West Motorway Police said there are reports of cars getting stuck on the M65 slip roads at Whitebirk due to the weather.
14664	Northwich entrance block from the north-east, 2001.
14665	North Yorkshire Police has issued a warning and a reminder to the public following three separate fraud reports in York this week.
14666	Norway is frequently portrayed as a ‘rule-taker’ and there is no doubt that Norway’s inability to affect EU rule and decision making is – democratically speaking – very problematic.
14667	Norwegian photographer Johnny Haglund has always had a passion for wild, isolated, mystic places.
14668	NORWICH ace James Maddison will be ruled out for up to 10 weeks - and not six months as was first feared.
14669	Norwich comes into this game on the back of a 2-1 home win over Leeds United.
14670	Norwich Education, Training & Childcare Businesses & ShopsDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
14671	Nor will we take any lectures from a party that left Wales in the same league as Moldova and Albania in not having a single track of electrified railway line.
14672	Nosebleeds can range from a small amount of blood or bloody discharge at the nostril to a significant amount of blood coming from one or both nostrils; blood seen at the nostrils may be coming from one or more different places.
14673	No study reported increases in risk markers for cardiovascular disease arising from NRT.
14674	No such thing as 4G – yet.
14675	Not all disinfectants will kill crypto and not all calf jackets are suitable for washing at 60C, so farmers are advised to check data sheet and product information.
14676	Not all luxury lines employ butlers; Seabourn does not.
14677	Not all of the above stages for inspections are applicable for certain types of work.
14678	Not all of us can boast a hero in our family tree, but that doesn't mean less well-renowned relatives can't make for fascinating research.
14679	Not all pension providers offer this option.
14680	Not all staff were aware of how to access, view or input into the risk registers for their wards or departments.
14681	Not a lot of people have heard of a small isopod crustacean called the Spiky Yellow Woodlouse (Pseudolaureola atlantica), completely unique to the small island of St Helena in the South Atlantic.
14682	Not a single thing went wrong and all the staff are amazing.
14683	Not bad you think.
14684	Not blame game.
14685	Not content with taking us out of Europe, Theresa May now seems set on tearing up the hard-fought 20-year Good Friday Agreement.
14686	Note also Henry Richardson’s incongruous Georgian font of 1755, with its fine modern cover: it may look odd now, but it did then fit in with the Georgian gallery above, removed by the Victorians for an organ.
14687	Note also the hole, presumably for ties.
14688	Noted local architect, Ernest Smith, was commissioned to take full advantage of the cliff-top location and exceptionally sunny climate and designed a grand detached house with decadently proportioned rooms reminiscent of an elegant Mediterranean villa.
14689	Note: Some road noise can be audible during busy times.
14690	Note the Acenta IG-T 90 version, for example.
14691	Note the architectural variance added as time went on, with an Edwardian extension being built in 1905.
14692	Note: The movement of the parking brake shoe will be small and may not be felt when levering, but failure to displace them will result in incorrect clearance at the adjustment step.
14693	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of 95 Albert Street.
14694	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of 9 Holcot Leys.
14695	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of Gardyne Road, Broughty Ferry.
14696	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of Poplars Farm, 45 The Long Shoot.
14697	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of Second Floor Highland House, St. Catherines Road.
14698	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of Unit 19 Victoria Business Centre, Neilston Street.
14699	Note: The rail line from Paddington passes (in order) West Drayton, Iver, Langley, Slough (for buses to villages on the route), Maidenhead (for the branch line to Cookham) and Cookham (change at Maidenhead).
14700	Not every country is cutting buy to let investors' ta.
14701	Not everyone understands this, however.
14702	Not every slice of bread weighs the same amount so to make our comparisons fair we’ve looked at the nutritional information for 100g of each bread, as well as how much a slice weighs from each loaf.
14703	Not everything can be borrowed.
14704	Not everything is searchable, so you may have to spend some time searching through all the resources to find good fits for your brand.
14705	Not exactly a ringing endorsement of Lih’s claim that old Bolshevism was politically geared to the overthrow of the provisional government.
14706	Not for the first time the union leaders, under pressure from the Labour government, put their own interests ahead of the needs of the strikers.
14707	No that’s a complete lie, I wish!
14708	No, the badge does not allow you to park anywhere and you can still be given a Parking Notice if you do not use it correctly.
14709	No, the career pathway will provide you with clarity and guidance along the way, but you will need to go through the usual procedure and competency-based assessment for a promotion.
14710	Nothing - but do check the battery type!
14711	Nothing comes to mind.
14712	Nothing ever happened.
14713	Nothing has been too much trouble for the assistants who have been polite and cheerful.
14714	Nothing has happened that might have forced a major process of political reconfiguration, as distinct from ad hoc adjustments.
14715	Nothing in this,” he said.
14716	Nothing stops them viewing here.
14717	Nothing was too much trouble and they all worked so hard to make sure our day went like clockwork.
14718	Nothing was too much trouble and they were on hand for any question or query I had ( no matter how big or small) and were very quick at replying.
14719	Nothing would alter current power structures more.
14720	Notice must be given in person by both partners.
14721	Not intended as a definitive history or analysis of the RNAS and its role during the Great War, this is essentially a reproduction of five original documents relating to the Service's work in the conflict.
14722	Not in the sense of what being American is.
14723	Not much to do unless you go inland.
14724	"Not my story but an old coworker told me about a wedding they went to where the best mans toast turned into him proposing to his girlfriend.
14725	“Not only are we aiming to maintain this level of care, but we are also always striving to improve so that Bolton becomes a national exemplar of care home quality.
14726	Not only can existing RIA’s be published as AIR applications now, but future developments can keep AIR in mind, tying the web and a user’s desktop seamlessly.
14727	Not only did the event provided a meeting point for the industry’s largest suppliers, but also a platform for leading parking and traffic brands to launch some of their latest products and services, featuring some innovative stand designs.
14728	Not only does it include tips on job hunting, applications and interviews, but it covers what you need to think about in terms of pay and conditions and types of job.
14729	Not only does the bank invest in its store presence, but it also offers customers the ability to bank online, via its mobile app and through its contact centres, which are manned by people rather than machines.
14730	Not only does the large shopping centre offer high end shops as well as affordable options with products ranging from clothes to games to vitamins, but the centre also houses a leisure centre full of fun family activities.
14731	Not only does Xero streamline your financial admin, it gives you a detailed, accurate and up-to-date view of your profits and cash flow.
14732	Not only do they look realistic, but they are automatically generated, utilising technology from missiles.
14733	Not only is the Wyre Forest Community Ambassador scheme a great development opportunity for young people, but it helps to bring communities together through important reassurance messages.
14734	Not only is this a chance to meet old friends and new colleagues, but it is a fantastic way of sharing knowledge across museums and starting up new collaborations.
14735	Not only must new tenants find thousands of pounds upfront for deposits and rent in advance – they also have to pay fees to letting agents for a range of administrative costs which can often run into the hundreds of pounds.”
14736	Not only that, but she is on hand at all times to help the girls should they need assistance.
14737	Not only that, but the GLA also offers plenty of power no matter which model you buy, as well of lots of equipment and comfort on long journeys.
14738	Not only was Bryan a keen and good photographer he also had a photographic memory.
14739	Not only was it startlingly beautiful, everything sounded different, as it was muffled by the snow.
14740	Not only was there Avery Brundage but also there was Juan Antonio Samaranch who was a youth fighter for Franco.
14741	Not only will it be gleaming in years to come as it is today, like all Unique.
14742	Not only will you get the opportunity to work on industry leading projects and for the UK’s largest water company we also offer a highly competitive benefits package and career progression.
14743	“Not quite what we had expected.
14744	Not recommended for Pre or post natal ladies.
14745	Not registered with The Dental Surgery?
14746	Not so excited by the idea of ramped-up veggie servings?
14747	Not sure if it was J2 or J3 - it was a spacious cabin with a good size balcony.
14748	Not sure I’m brave enough to go straight to the potato guillotine.
14749	Not sure it's possible for London to become even more affordable - there was research the other day that suggested you need to be earning a wage of £40,000 to be even be close to buying - but the PCL market booming is not going to help that.
14750	Not sure whether to be firm with your customers for fear of losing their custom?
14751	Nottingham City Council's Adult Social Care Services department is responsible for assessing the needs of, and providing advice and support to, older, disabled and vulnerable people in the community.
14752	Nottingham is accessed through Southwell along the A612 Nottingham Road through the Trent Valley.
14753	Nottinghamshire’s population is estimated at just over a million.
14754	Not to mention luxurious palazzos, historic hotels and even reception venues on their own private island…
14755	No TVs, no kitchen and no unnecessary fuss – just great booze is all you’ll find at The Hare.
14756	Not what it's cracked up to be.
14757	Not yet the perfect metric, but a starting point.
14758	Novadata caters for individuals and fleets of all sizes, as well as providing training for drivers and managers of any make of tachograph.
14759	November 14th, 2019 - Events - Gainsborough - Whats on - Gainsborough TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
14760	November 2015 - The University of Nottingham Browser does not support script.
14761	“Nowadays it is not viable to use biodiesel because the cost of producing it is higher than the cost of conventional fuels”, he said.
14762	Nowadays related research and development is more likely to centre on the record players with design-led innovation and wireless connectivity.
14763	Nowadays we get a split second to arrest the audience.
14764	Nowadays, work wear is harder than ever to get right.
14765	Now a Grade II listed building, this cottage was specifically designed with couples in mind and oozes character and Cumbrian charm.
14766	Now all I need to do is learn how to get the map the right way up and know what all those wiggley lines are for.
14767	Now all you have to do is jump!
14768	Now an out-house, the thatch has been replaced by roof tiles.
14769	Now applications are open for 2016 placements.
14770	“Now are we going to Banham Zoo?” asks Thalia, expectantly.
14771	No warranties or guarantees that it was left in the optimal state - this is a copy of what was on my laptop after each lecture!
14772	Now, Councillor Thomson is asking residents of the town for their feelings on the possible pedestrianisation of a section of Market Street.
14773	Now, due to the requirements of our customers, we are also supplying an extensive range of hard landscaping products.
14774	No – we’ve created the new sections to give you more information about your pension plan.
14775	"Now everyone has a clear idea of who does what in an emergency, and I'm delighted everyone has bought into the plan."
14776	Now find out how you can get involved!
14777	Now fondly named OLIVE, she travels up and down the country in search of England's finest festivals, carrying the freshest ingredients for the Great British TOASTIE.
14778	Now go forth and don’t EVER stop believin’!
14779	Now he is second in line to the throne of one of the world’s most repressive regimes.
14780	Now here is a duo with a keen eye for the resonant album title.
14781	Now home to Smok’d, a barbecue restaurant, they haven’t forgotten the venue’s entertainment roots and the RamJam Club, hidden behind the venue, still hosts great live comedy, jazz and blues.
14782	Now, however, Incomes Data Services (IDS) have published a report that lays to rest this particular myth.
14783	Now, however, there is a real prospect of a single avenue for unresolved personal lines disputes.
14784	Now I am facing hours, possibly days, of interrogation.
14785	Now I have lovely new taps and my bathroom looks like new, but what is most important is that I had great advice, a prompt service and courteous workmanship from a plumber who clearly takes pride in his work.
14786	Now, I just wonder what the old Rev. Charles Lutwidge was sniffing at the time.
14787	Now I’m kicking myself (or would be if my leg didn’t hurt so much) for not being more careful.
14788	Now, in 2018, Liverpool has surpassed all expectations.
14789	Now in its seventh year, Calderstock takes place this Saturday and Sunday in the Courtyard.
14790	Now in its third edition, the latest BlackRock Investor Pulse survey takes an in-depth look at Britons’ attitude to money and provides a fascinating insight into the minds of savers and investors.
14791	No win no fee factory accident claims.
14792	“Now, in the build up to our anniversary marking 10 incredible years in London, we are continuing to invest in the community with jobs and training, creating thousands more exciting opportunities for local residents and beyond.
14793	Now in their fifth year, the Pride of the Park awards showcase the best of farming, equestrian and domestic science in the National Park.
14794	Now I run my own business and I drive home that same message to everyone providing me with data.
14795	Now is the time to book for the weekend, if you haven’t already done so.
14796	Now it gets more challenging.
14797	Now it has become the principal reference document for China’s one-child enforcers, who are desperate to dress up their population authoritarianism as an eco-initiative.
14798	Now it is a thriving business and the hub of a dynamic local community.
14799	“Now it is important that we progress the proposals with community groups having a real opportunity to influence change to develop healthcare for the future.”
14800	Now it is the turn of the House of Representatives to pass the bill and make it law.
14801	Now it's “Goodnight mum, me and Varley are going to bed!”
14802	“Now it’s ‘Progress 8’ looking at average improvement from the time they arrive in Year 7 to their GCSEs in Year 11.
14803	Now it's time for the UK to get with the programme.
14804	Now Kids being horrid to one another, maybe!
14805	Now let’s consider what happens if eWidget takes over Goodwidget.
14806	Now let's look at where you can find ultra-HD shows and movies to watch.
14807	Now let's see what you spend your cash on.
14808	Now many schools only need to offer a broad and balanced curriculum.
14809	Now men don’t worry you should not be getting all hair conscious – most women do not want totally hair free men BUT there are some exceptions.
14810	Now more tradesmen are becoming experienced in modern building techniques and are familiar with the fabric first building methodology – we find this is no longer an issue.
14811	Now, notice that while there are choices present in the example above, there is nothing about the checkout process.
14812	Now Ofgem says it is investigating this claim under the Enterprise Act.
14813	Now sorts by Code only when the code is displayed, otherwise sorts by Name.
14814	Now stick on your basket so the eggs are sticking out from inside it and add any leftover ones for a finishing touch.
14815	Now that's everything a man can ask for.
14816	Now the 30 year old Accounts Manager has spoken out against the mental health system, which she believes failed to help her younger brother when he needed it most.
14817	Now the guy on the phone is inva.
14818	Now the instinct is to flash, but instead you’re supposed to slow down, making the gap between you and the car ahead bigger and inviting the turning car to go.
14819	Now the interests of the British Empire came first.
14820	Now then, I thought the field with the tank was just beyond that cottage and beyond that on the right was a row of conventional houses the first house next to the tank had been converted to a shoe shop.
14821	Now there is no need to apply mascara to your eyelash, as you now have best-looking eyelashes that offer thick and bigger eyes.
14822	Now, these systems are making vehicles easier, more relaxing and – most importantly – safer to drive.
14823	Now they are begging for a chance.
14824	Now you can walk through there any day and find cars and even big vans parked on double yellow lines.
14825	Now you’ll be able to choose how you want your survey to act when it’s being taken.
14826	NPAA spokesman Adam O’Loughlin added: “Having autism is not an excuse for criminal or anti-social behaviour.
14827	NPL scientists create a diode made of light that can be used, for the first time, in miniaturised photonic circuits.
14828	NSI’s schemes provide approval opportunities for all sizes of companies.
14829	NTU Singapore is ranked in the top three universities in Asia (QS 2017) with particular strengths in engineering and technology.
14830	NuBone® ~ Precision Engineered Nuts SaddlesJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
14831	Nudrat said: ‘It was a magical time for the club, and I was really taken in by the way the scenes would completely change each week.
14832	Nuffield Health has a leisure centre with a swimming pool at Woolston Hall in Abridge Road, Chigwell.
14833	Nuffield’s role in advancing research and methodology in the field of psephology – the study and scientific analysis of elections – was recently made evident in the run-up to and wake of the 8th June general election.
14834	Numerator – the number of people in the denominator who have a crisis plan.
14835	Numerous creators decide to start composing their write developing a basic pencil and papers.
14836	Numerous other gates provide entrances around the site, most dating from the mid C19 (and most listed grade II).
14837	Numerous survey findings have revealed a gap between what people expect to spend in retirement and the actual income they are likely to receive.
14838	Nursery wall art, personalised, non-personalised and bespoke canvases, prints and door plaques for babies and children.
14839	Nurse staffing levels met patients’ needs at the time of the inspection and the department liaised with the paediatric ward to rotate the trained children nurses to work in the paediatric emergency area.
14840	O2 has over 450 retail stores and sponsors The O2, O2 Academy venues and England Rugby.
14841	O2 reserves the right to amend Terms and Conditions, substitute the Airtime Discount for a suitable alternative or withdraw this Offer at anytime.
14842	O2 reserves the right to withdraw the promotion on 7 days notice to be displayed in Stores.
14843	Oak Dene presents a character rural style frontage with spacious interiors and countryside views to the south, situated off the landscaped and gated Greenhill Court.
14844	Oakham Registration District Marriages 1837 -
14845	Oaklands is able to offer a broad solution to you including Apprenticeships, standalone certificated qualifications and individually tailored training in addition to advising on any funding which may be available to support these.
14846	Oak seats and drinking fountains are provided in the corridors in positions out of the line of traffic.
14847	Oban player/coach Corrie Louw came off the bench replacing the injured Daniel Kemp as Oban’s impressive scrummaging was pushing the Killie pack off their own ball.
14848	Oberkampf's southern extremities are resolutely chic – especially in the 3rd, where ever-gentrifying streets around Rue Vieille du Temple are awash with designers on the rise and old craft workshops.
14849	Objective a) is partly independent of the success of the 2014 field trial as the soil samples for 2012 and 2013 are available.
14850	Objects related to "Durlston Road"
14851	Objects related to "Elmsleigh Gardens"
14852	Obscure double glazed window to side elevation, heated towel radiator, bath with mixer tap and shower overs, wash hand basin with vanity storage, extractor fan, W.C, tiled flooring and tiling to splash back areas.
14853	Obviously a cheaper outlay at the beginning of a property investment can be highly appealing to landlords.
14854	Obviously no light it wasn’t possible to see anything in there at all but we were told the was a passageway wide enough to drive coach and horses through….
14855	Obviously, some food will have been eaten by birds, but mostly it will have been eaten by squirrels so it will give you an idea of how many are visiting the bin.
14856	Obviously the game didn’t have that much riding on it, and the champions didn’t give the show of flowing football that would have provided an entertaining finale, though you have to give much credit to Saints who did well and showed resolve.
14857	“Obviously they were missing two key riders but they had some good guests and we won and that’s the main thing.”
14858	Obviously you can have little setbacks, but you have to get on with it.
14859	Occasional forays from Palmer and Alex Navajas were Worcester’s only significant offensive input.
14860	Occasionally it is found in source water but is removed by treatment.
14861	Occasionally, we have to make changes to and correct errors on our website and other details both before and after bookings have been confirmed and cancel confirmed bookings.
14862	Occasionally you may find an insurer who will give you some discount if you don't claim for a certain period with the same insurer, but this is not the norm.
14863	Occupational Stress Arrangement: provides help, advice and counselling for those with stress related problems both at work and at home.
14864	Oceania and Azamara are egalitarian lines, with cabins ranging from squishy inside staterooms to over-the-top spacious suites.
14865	Ocean Village, Gibraltar, Gibraltar Imperial Ocean Plaza combines a stunning central location, sun, views and the unequalled facilities of Ocean Village.
14866	Oct-Jul exc school hols, LESS 10% couple only.
14867	October 2nd, 2018 - Events - Ipswich - Whats on - Ipswich TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
14868	October 7th, 2018 - Events - York - Whats on - York TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
14869	October is also the perfect time to find fallen conkers from horse chestnut trees – rekindle (and inspire among youngsters) the joy of finding a perfect shiny, rich brown conker at your feet.
14870	October the Museum of Oxford is displaying items relating to Frank Bickerton, Mechanical Engineer in charge of the air-tractor on Mawson's AAE of 1911-14.
14871	Octopuses have many thousands of specialised cells under their skin that allow them to instantly change their colour.
14872	ODEON's May autism friendly film for older audiences is Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (TBC) on Monday 25th June at 6pm.
14873	Odin's Bowl also offers - a private bowling room for hire, complete with two private bowling lanes, waiter service and your own choice of music.
14874	“OEDM is based on collaboration and an effective practitioner will not only produce a customer’s product, but help with new product development, manage its supply chain and oversee its production.
14875	Of all Britain's seaside towns was king eclipsing more affluent, larger Brighton in terms of visitors and attractions.
14876	Ofcom represents the UK Government in the ITU and is known as the UK Administration.
14877	Ofcom requires all landline and mobile telephone companies to provide a number of services for customers with disabilities.
14878	Ofcom requires all telecoms providers in the UK to offer third party bill management.
14879	Ofcom says that of the UK's 25.4m television homes in Q1 2007 18.3% still have analogue terrestrial television on their main set, down from 21.4% in Q4, 2006, and 28.2% in Q1 2006.
14880	Ofcom will engage with a wide range of organisations from an early point in the review.
14881	Of course, as the fourth largest of the Canary Islands, there's a lot more to Lanzarote than its climate.
14882	Of course at the ICR we are really delighted that abiraterone is now routinely available for men with prostate cancer in England – before chemo as well as after.
14883	Of course, for all of us, as expressed so powerfully this afternoon and before in Parliament and through the media, there remains profound shock and horror across the country that such a disaster could happen in modern Britain.
14884	Of course, if he ignored the warning, the next time it wouldn’t have the pin in.
14885	Of course in reality no definitive ‘boundaries’ exist between ‘core wild areas’ and the remaining landscape.
14886	Of course, it’s not just UNISON as an organisation that is feeling the effects of austerity and belt-tightening.
14887	Of course Just Mobile will argue that the AluBase has been designed by experts and uses high quality materials.
14888	Of course, many EEA and Swiss nationals do come to the UK to work, and are included in IPS data (along with British nationals).
14889	Of course reports like this make a useful contribution to the debate and scrutiny of the matter, and we are still looking carefully at it and will have something to say in due course.
14890	“Of course, the big picture is the story of good versus evil,” he said.
14891	Of course, there’s a world of options to consider when strategising the growth of your rental income, however it’s well worth considering the tips above to kick-start your improvements.
14892	Of course, the so-called caliph was not imprisoned in Guantanamo.
14893	Of course, the soft Brexiteers know this.
14894	Of course the view from the sun deck is just wonderful, whilst the informal café style seating is an ideal place to relax with like-minded travellers.
14895	Of course this is a family thing, and one doesn't pay family as one would a professional childcarer; but in the real world, granny may be strapped for cash, and not letting on that it is an issue, putting one more pressure on family relationships.
14896	Of course, to the physicists this makes no sense.
14897	Of course, while the internet may have many helpful guides on claiming for personal injury, perhaps the best action to take is to consult a personal injury solicitor to help gain a greater understanding of the options that are available to you.
14898	Of course with more information the challenge of keeping it all clear and easy to sift through grows, so in the coming weeks we’ll be experimenting with more tools to allow you to find property as quickly and easily as possible.
14899	Offered CHAIN FREE and an ideal first time or INVESTMENT buy.
14900	Offered for sale is a 2.912L 1970 MG C GT that has been with the current owner for the last 28 years.
14901	Offered to the market with "no onward chain complications".
14902	"Offer incentives to keep customers in the pub between games."
14903	Offering a convenient location to the towns amenities.
14904	Offering a truly great breakfast to start your day, Abbeydale is the place to stay.
14905	Offering easy access into Watford Town Centre, Watford High Street Overground station and Watford Underground station.
14906	Offering fast and convenient appointments, they'll help you to decide the best course of action and develop a tailor made treatment package.
14907	Offering free seminars now and then or running a regular blog discussing issues your target customers may face will also help you build up a reputation as a useful person to do business with.
14908	Offering:- Home Boarding, Doggie Day Care, Pet visits, Dog walking and small animal boarding.
14909	Offer PayPal as a payment method.
14910	Offers a collection of flooring materials with different styles, designs and colours.
14911	Offers fleet of restored VWs as well as moderntypes as well.
14912	Office 365 gives a boost to collaborative working by allowing colleagues to work together simultaneously on the same projects, including managing and sharing content and real-time co-authoring in Word.
14913	Office Products Marketplace offers convenient, online shopping for all your office needs.
14914	Officer for southern Iraq based in Basrah.
14915	"Officers are supporting both families who have asked to be given time to grieve."
14916	Officers audit that Health and safety Risk Assessments are in place and ensure that a comprehensive water quality sampling programme is in place.
14917	Officers highlighted that the partnership would seek opportunities to generate income by offering legal advice to public sector organisations on areas where there is expertise across the partnership.
14918	Officers stopped anyone they caught using a handheld mobile device behind the wheel and the drivers were issued with a penalty notice.
14919	Officers then tweeted again: “Two more just arrived and also done the same.
14920	Office to let in Barnstaple, Devon EX31 - ZooplaWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site, and so that we and third parties can show you more personalised ads, including adverts on other websites.
14921	Official Music Video out Thursday night.
14922	Official Statistics are produced impartially and free from political influence, further information on types of statstics can be found at https://www.
14923	Off road parking for one car, further parking is usually available on a quiet road nearby.
14924	Offshore support vessel Wilchief 1 at the Port of Lowestoft.
14925	Off shore wind is just one example with vast potential and could provide half of Britain’s entire energy needs.
14926	Off the A75 to Dumfries and Stranraer is the thriving market town of Annan with its largely red sandstone buildings fringing a long, spacious main street.
14927	Off the rear courtyard is a small utility with Bosch washer and condensing dryer and iron and board are available if needed.
14928	Off this landing are two bedrooms: one with a king size brass and iron bed with pocket sprung mattress, a chair, a chest of drawers and a built-in wardrobe.
14929	Off to the Continent for holiday with kids means taking the once a year flight.
14930	Ofgem reports that its assessment of network company business plans and the benefit-sharing arrangements in place in the price control is expected to save the consumers yet another £15 billion in the current price control bill.
14931	Ofgem said it was not possible to identify one party that was responsible for ensuring their were no problems for PV customers.
14932	Ofgem's remit includes working to protect vulnerable people including the poor and elderly, as well as keeping gas and electricity suppliers efficient and as environmentally friendly as possible.
14933	Of hot and cold, he was nor sad nor merry.
14934	Of lowly Burney, he wrote: ‘Considering the modest altitude and ease of access, a most rewarding panorama is revealed from Burney.
14935	Of Music graduates 25% become teaching or educational professionals, and 40% go on to careers in completely unrelated areas.
14936	Of seventy wood samples examined, sixty-four were of oak, the remainder were hazel.
14937	Often free and always fascinating, we offer a varied public engagement programme throughout the year.
14938	Often, the listing will reappear without any additional SEO Services.
14939	Often the most challenging projects involve successfully delivering new spaces from pre- existing environments, and this is when our clients truly value the due diligence of our project managers and appreciate their adherence to the agreed process.
14940	Often the timber-frame might be concealed by historic claddings, such as render, slate or tile-hanging and weatherboarding.
14941	“Often victims of ID fraud don’t know anything is wrong until they get an unexpected bill or see money missing from their account” continued Lisa Hardstaff.
14942	Often we would finish two minutes before 7pm due to the scale of the job in hand and the absolute attention to detail required by the client.
14943	Of the 144 bids submitted, the only completely unsuccessful proposals were for posts in Blakeney, traffic mirrors in Kenninghall, business signs in Martham and vehicle activated signs in Old Catton.
14944	Of the 2,010 members of the public surveyed, half (48%) didn’t haggle on their existing deal and only around a third (36%) changed their home insurer in the last 12 months.
14945	Of the 94, three were wrongly classified and four were recorded outside the 72-hour limit allowed under the Home Office Counting Rules (HOCR).
14946	Of these, 17 were in support of the scheme and two against.
14947	Of these 658 patients commenced treatment for a new cancer during that period, giving the cancer conversion rate of 7.8%.
14948	Of these, four-fifths feel forced to turn to alternative lenders who charge higher rates for credit.
14949	Of these, we retrieved 37 full-text reports for further scrutiny, which we subsequently excluded as they did not meet the review inclusion criteria, and identified one study awaiting classification.
14950	Oh, how much more interesting "history" could have been when I was a schoolboy at good old "Freddie Bird's", Swan Lane, had this site and the technology been available then.
14951	OH is only in their 60’s!
14952	"Oh my word, customers want your time, you poor salesman, how horrific, why not just leave the customers out of this and see where you get you bunch of lying morons.
14953	Oh that’s a tricky one – is that why it was left to last?
14954	Oh, the bliss of a beautiful pool and ample sunbathing terraces and the proximity of a small, quiet beach for a swim in the evening.
14955	Oh, the sensation is exquisite."
14956	Oh welcome back.
14957	‘Oil is the most important thing you can do for your nails – you can never over-do it (especially as you creep nearer to 40 when the skin becomes drier as the natural oils start to deplete.).
14958	Oil or gas may be injected into the eye to hold the retina in place until it reattaches.
14959	OI Type 2 associated with mutations in the Col1A1 gene, a severe condition that is usually detected prenatally and lethal within the first 6 months of life.
14960	OKAY, so second time round in the Celebrity Big Brother house and Jedward aren’t exactly going down well with their fellow celebs.
14961	Ok, so perhaps saying the invite is a bit garish wasn't the right thing to say, but she did ask for my opinion!
14962	Ola Abidogun - Person - National Portrait GalleryAdmission free.
14963	Older dogs need to be fed a good quality, well-balanced diet that meets all their nutritional needs.
14964	Older people are the most likely to be alone – but also the most determined to do something about it.
14965	Older workings for lead followed an east to west vein westwards from Coed-du Hall.
14966	Oldham Council’s Adoption Service is hoping residents will come forward as says there is a need for more 'forever families' across the Borough.
14967	Old Macher Medical Practice is a general practitioner who provides medical advice on a variety of conditions, diseases and injuries.
14968	Old Newton had one those days, on one occasion, bodies where thrown into the mix to deny Old Newton.
14969	Old Scotland In Pictures is a framing company offering a range of framing services for pictures, photos and other artwork.
14970	Oliver continued: “Competing in Japan can only benefit me in the long run in terms of race sharpness and fighting past traffic, something that is of course extremely important in Le Mans.”
14971	Oliver Southern was particularly successful, taking a double gold in kata and fighting.
14972	Olivia Buckland: ‘We’re already talking about baby names!’
14973	Ollie you ougjt to sign a couple of these lads as they cant be much older than Carlos Edwards and some of the others you have signed recently,They must be thinking what has happend to Millwall since the played with honor for the club.
14974	Olympics: S. Korea short track coach suspended over 'assault'
14975	Omar Kader started on the right wing with Yule and Jamie Henry in the middle with Denholm on the left wing and Doris and Hester up front.
14976	“Ombudsman” is a bit of a funny word - it’s Swedish, as our friendly Viking Hakon explained in his debut video.
14977	Omega Warrington is a joint venture partnership between the Homes and Communities Agency, Miller Developments and the Royal Bank of Scotland.
14978	On 10 November, the scene was desolate with the district administration, the police command, the jail and the local market completely deserted.
14979	On 11 February Mubarak was removed from the presidency.
14980	On 12 September 2001 the North Atlantic Council invoked, for the first time in its history, article five of the 1949 treaty establishing NATO and declared that the attacks on the US were attacks on all the alliance's member states.
14981	On 13 April 2016 the HiTech AlkCarb project team held a first meeting with the mayor and heads of local councils in Oberbergen at the Kaiserstuhl, Germany.
14982	On 13th March 2017, she tabled a Parliamentary Bill to decriminalise abortion in England and Wales, where she called for a review of Britain’s abortion laws fifty years after the passage of the Abortion Act.
14983	On 16 July 1802, Egypt, with the badge of The Sphinx was awarded to all units which had taken part in the 1801 campaign.
14984	On 18/10/2018, two people may book a one-night stay in a Classic room (inclusions as noted above) and will pay £207 per room, per night, compared to the publicly available rate of £292 per room, per night.
14985	On 18th August 1874 a luggage train was being shunted into a siding but the train buffer was left protruding on to the main line.
14986	On 20 January, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the USA.
14987	On 24 July 1871 he became a commander while serving as first lieutenant on HMS Hercules under Captain Lord Gilford.
14988	On 24th Feb 2012 3:02pm, heritage said: Wasn't the Tech annex in Gaveston Road, more or less where the hostel was.
14989	On 26 February 2018 Councillors set Rother's Council Tax charge for a Band 'D' property at £174.32, an increase of 2.95 % over last year's figure of £169.32.
14990	On 28th July 06 unknown offender/s have approached a property in Ashbury Close, Henley in Arden and smashed a window to the conservatory.
14991	On 5 January 1931 the LMS ceased to operate the few passenger services that ran over the former W&WR and all trains used the LNWR route between Walsall and Wolverhampton.
14992	On 5th July there will be an open day from 10.30 to 15.30 at the Cairns in South Ronaldsay.
14993	On 6 February, the government began the process to sell part of the pre-2012 income contingent repayment student loan book.
14994	On 6 September 1952 a railtour organised by the Stephenson Locomotive Society visited Minera.
14995	On 7 December 2014 Mr Cole who was contracted to Harlequin Brickwork Ltd was walking along the site road at Mulberry Grove toward the rear of a bulk powder (mortar) carrier.
14996	On 8 March, International Women's Day, thousands of women activists across the US took part in a historic day of internationalist and anti-capitalist feminist action.
14997	On 8 May a different adjudicator, Edward Solomons, confirmed the Traffic Penalty Tribunal’s original decision to allow all five appeals.
14998	On 8 November JFK is elected as the 35th President of the United States; he is the first ever Roman Catholic president.
14999	On 8th June why not join the Greenham Bird Walk where you will meet up with bird expert Graeme Stewart who will help you improve you birding skills.
15000	On 9th April 1967 the signal box at Summerseat closed.
15001	On 9th Jan 2017 10:22pm, mop said: I attended the Grammar School the first year it was opened, 1957 I think, until 1960.
15002	On a brighter note, Wallis cited a recent example where she was able to help turn around a business that was making losses by using her bookkeeping skills.
15003	On a bruising night in the Midlands, in which Mildenhall also lost Sam Beeby to a broken thumb and the home side’s Mitchell Davey was rushed to intensive care following crashes, Jenkins cracked three vertebrae in his lower back.
15004	On a conservative estimate of numbers 20,000 people travelled a very long way.
15005	On a full charge, the claim is that the Super Soco can cover 40 miles before you have to reconnect it to the grid.
15006	On a larger scale, there are hopes of all visually impaired people to have things, that seem so easy to get, yet so little is done.
15007	On a lighter note, it was also the year William and Kate said I do.
15008	“On a local issue, rough sleepers in London need immediate support and their presence is a scandal to the conscience of Londoners.”
15009	On a more personal note, I have lived in Exmouth for over 30 years and am married with 2 grown up sons.
15010	On an individual country basis, the three largest exporters (Germany, Spain and Denmark) all reported year-on-year growth in intra-EU shipments.
15011	On approaching town gaze in awe at the splendid 13th Century cathedral dominating the skyline from far and wide.
15012	On arrival at bay D, Hammersmith Bus Station, directions for the Underground on the lower concourse are clearly marked for Distrist and Piccadilly lines.
15013	On arrival in Merida, enjoy an introductory tour which takes in the city’s main sights.
15014	On arrival: please report to the Admission Desk in the visitor centre.
15015	On arrival you will be welcomed by senior staff, with coffee, and then given a tour by Year 6 children, when you will be able to see the School during a normal day and view current work.
15016	On a sealed system, as the name implies, there is no new water being added to the system on demand.
15017	On a side note, this persistence and focus inspired me to get healthy and fit.
15018	On a sunny day, grab a table on the balcony upstairs or in the beer garden downstairs where you can enjoy tasty dishes including salmon and crab parcels or The Boat House’s twist on ham, egg and chips.
15019	On a train at 6.55am this morning back from London to Manchester after attending a small dinner last night looking at how we can develop a high-speed rail service connecting London, Birmingham and the major cities in the North and Scotland.
15020	On average how many alcoholic drinks do you have per week?
15021	On Boarding Manager, £33k, Manchester With an ever-expanding number of apprentices out on work placements with clients all year round, we are looking for an On Boarding Manager to be responsible for ensuring that all apprentices are fully on board.
15022	On both days there will be an exhibition in the visitor centre about the Hone Trial.
15023	OnBuy is a British online marketplace which will offer thousands of product lines from business sellers of new, used and refurbished products.
15024	Once a client has sent us his or her signed authorisation by email, we file the tax return online with HMRC.
15025	Once again Bristol City star defender Aden Flint is a wanted man according to reports.
15026	Once again, curtesy of Chrissy Teigen.
15027	Once again, if in doubt, it’s always good to contact your tax advisor for help and clarification.
15028	Once again, thank you to those who have dined with us recently and were kind enough to share your pleasant experience.
15029	“Once again the Spring HIT/P2P Sale will offer numerous drafts of talented horses from the leading owners and trainers, and we are seeing continued growth in the Point-to-Point session.
15030	Once again they stayed until every round of ammunition had been used.
15031	Once again we'd like to say a big 'thank you' to all of our customers to date - we really hope you've been happy with your purchases and we'd love to hear any feedback you might have.
15032	Once all the controls had been collected, John headed off into the forest to hang the controls for the forest race.
15033	Once an employee has made an appointment to receive antenatal care on the advice of a registered medical practitioner, registered midwife or registered health worker, she has the right to take time off with pay to keep the appointment.
15034	Once any risks have been identified including reviewing and cleansing your historic claims experience, our experts will determine which risk management best practice is most beneficial for your business.
15035	Once a possible intervention or number of interventions have been identified, schools should interrogate the extent to which its objectives – the purpose, recipients, practices, and outcomes – align with the school’s needs and values.
15036	Once approved by the Court this is legally binding.
15037	Once approved, the design concept will be extended to ensure templates are available for all key layouts.
15038	Once a show is up and running, Joanne may get the occasional dance call for rehearsals but it’s usually for those who are on standby to cover the lead parts should anyone fall ill or get injured.
15039	Once assessed, the event will be planned at local, central or national level and the appointed event planner will contact the event organiser.
15040	Once a tenant moves in, they are responsible for regularly testing and maintaining the devices, but landlords and letting agents should have a procedure in place to make sure the tests are carried out.
15041	Once a witness has received a needs assessment and a support plan has been agreed with them, then all the relevant information will be passed down to our local court-based service.
15042	Once - Bereavement When someone has died.
15043	Once COAT has a clearer picture of how much asbestos there is, they will implement a full recovery plan in line with advice from the statutory agencies.
15044	Once completed, you'll receive your free personalised animation.
15045	Once cut and dried, they can be stored in an airtight jar for several years!
15046	Once elected the new Mayor is invested with the mayoral robes and chain of office and takes a declaration of acceptance of office.
15047	Once fitted your installer should leave written details of any maintenance checks that you can carry out from time to time, ensuring everything is working properly.
15048	Once home to a crew of 950 men, HMS Belfast, part of Imperial War Museums, tells the stories of those who lived and worked on board this warship during the Second World War and beyond.
15049	Once I had made an offer on the property of my choice Elliot diligently and with a fair-hand guided me towards a successful exchange.
15050	Once installed open clash again and link account, and done.
15051	Once it has been reported we will aim to remove the animal that same working day, except on weekends.
15052	“Once I’ve got that it’s up to me to get people off those seats and get them excited about how we’re playing.
15053	Once notice has been given by the defence, the matter is usually listed within 48 hours, sometimes less, so the response should be provided as soon as possible.
15054	Once on-site foundations were in place, Further’s Paid Digital team deployed PPC as the first activity in order to give the brand instant visibility and sales.
15055	Once on the Beachline, take the 1st exit (International Drive).
15056	Once opened, keep refrigerated and consume within 1 week.
15057	Once released, the hairs can persist in the nests and the environment for a long time, posing a long-term nuisance to people and animals, such as horses and dogs, unfortunate enough to come into contact with them.
15058	Once steamed, cut two of the tails into big chunks.
15059	Once the BorrowBox app is in installed on a smartphone or tablet it can be used to browse, download and listen to eAudiobooks at any time from any location.
15060	Once the car has been seized it will be taken to the vehicle recovery compound, where you will be charged a release fee plus a daily storage fee until the vehicle is collected.
15061	Once the level of hearing loss has been established, certain measures can be put into place to help boost hearing, and bring conversations back to a normal level.
15062	Once the Liability Order is with the bailiff all payment negotiations should be with the bailiff, not ourselves.
15063	Once the organisation’s business model is understood and their risks are identified, the next step is to consider the type of reserves policy needed.
15064	Once the permanent scanning centre has opened, however, thousand will benefit from having quick access to life-saving diagnostics.
15065	Once the relevant authority has been granted, please then follow the weapon transfer procedure advised in the next chapter.
15066	Once they have finished their three-year tour with the team, the pilots return to frontline, instructional or staff duties.
15067	Once this had been competed, we published the report on our website.
15068	Once this happens, too little grass remains to re-establish a desirable grass cover.
15069	Once we are 'forced' to use cloud version then clients will have to pay the extra monthly costs.
15070	Once we have received a copy of the engineering report, we aim to settle your claim within 7 working days.
15071	Once we have received your details we will ring or email you to discuss and confirm your requirements - This will include confirmation of publishing dates and deadlines.
15072	Once we have received your signed and completed application form we will write to confirm if you have been successful in gaining a place.
15073	Once we identify the items they want, we check with them how much they can take."
15074	Once we receive a completed request, the account will be de-linked within three business days.
15075	Once we receive your traffic fine notification, we have to investigate each offence, match it to the relevant hirer, pay the appropriate authority within the statutory deadline and then invoice you/the customer/driver accordingly, to ensure no delays.
15076	Once we understand where you want to go, it’s all about how we can get you there.
15077	Once we’ve got what we need, we’ll register the documents while you’re in the branch with our specialist team available to support you.
15078	Once you are seated, a troop of passadors (meat carvers) move from table to table, offering more than fifteen cuts of succulent meats all slow-roasted over a charcoal barbecue and expertly carved at the table.
15079	Once you build the fence, check regularly for holes and other openings under the fence.
15080	Once you do this, you use your successes to argue your case when more time or more money is needed.
15081	Once you find a van that suits you, we have a selection of trim options and additional extras to kit the vehicle out with all the necessary equipment.
15082	Once you have a thorough understanding of what you want to achieve, start thinking about the people who can help you reach your goal.
15083	Once you have cleaned your Slate tiles, it is essential you protect them.
15084	Once you have downloaded the Live plug-in you can call the council using BSL Live.
15085	Once you have found some of your favourite styles you can then easily use hitched to find your nearest stockist of that designer and make an appointment to go and try on your favourites.
15086	Once you have gained experience within this role and have developed your skills, you should be able to move on.
15087	Once you have paid your excess, the insurance will be liable for any additional costs.
15088	Once you have selected your desired van rental category, simply reserve it by booking online or by phone for the utmost convenience.
15089	Once you have working copies of the program on your machines then the second part of the blog is used to provide the backbone of your first programming lesson; of course there are, additional advantages in that pupils can continue to work at home.
15090	Once you see the image, click on the Change switch in the top rated right part.
15091	Once you understand your own leadership voice, you’ll discover how best to communicate with each of the other voices, which will transform your communication at every level of relationship, both personal and professional.
15092	Once you’ve chosen the conditions of the discount, it’s time to edit the fee settings.
15093	Once you’ve explained to them about your particular waste clearance proposal, they’ll likely advice you on the best way forward.
15094	Once you’ve got a basic idea of what you want your site to do, you can start thinking about how you want to go about building your site.
15095	Once you’ve got a list of potential ideas, you’ll want to begin creating content.
15096	Once you've landed temporary work it can often feel like you're on borrowed time.
15097	Once you’ve made a transfer, you should continue making payments to your other lender/s until the balance shows on your Barclaycard statement.
15098	On closer inspection these ‘flair orbs’ do look quite different to the standard look.
15099	On completion of the test the membrane was lifted and the area ventilated to remove all helium.
15100	On conclusion of the interview, the person should be if they consent.
15101	On display will be the iPV Tracker in conjunction with high-efficiency bifacial modules from two prominent suppliers, demonstrating it as a highly adaptive and highly efficient power generation system.
15102	On doing this walk it is best to start at Beaulieu as if you begin at Bucklers Hard there is a fee to pay.
15103	On dsplay will be a 1946 Morris Parcel Van owned by Phillip Wardle, that recently won “Best in Show” at the Bellingham’s Classic and Vintage Vehicle Day.
15104	One adult is permitted to take responsibility for up to three under 16 year olds.
15105	One audience member with a free seat tweeted: "Think I am really getting into new theatre and new shows being created.
15106	One-bedroom apartments - up to £1,400pcm; Two-bedroom apartments - up to £2,000pcm; Three-bedroom apartments - up to £2,500pcm.
15107	One button reclines you to your required position, and the opposite button will return you to the original position and if you keep your finger on the controller, will gently and safely rise you to your feet.
15108	One concern some people had was the noise the toy makes, but I haven't found it a problem.
15109	One considerably larger than the others.
15110	One crucial thing to remember, if you can avoid it, is to not change your fan page name once it's been done.
15111	One day, Coraline discovers a door with a brick wall behind it.
15112	One day Professional Courses were introduced in 1982.
15113	One delivery driver at the scene said: “It’s taken me over an hour to get from Holton-le-Clay to New Waltham, only to get stuck again here!”
15114	One easy check is to see whether the person/company facilitating the transfer is a ‘regulated entity’ – in other words, regulated and authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
15115	One element of our process in interaction design was to include having a 'shrinking, sticky' header so that the site's primary navigation would always be on-screen and secondary header elements would fall off screen.
15116	One episode even saw princes William and Harry roll up their royal sleeves to lend a hand.
15117	One evening a couple of months ago whilst keeping industrious and gamble free i wrote to all my old banking and credit card companies.
15118	One example of this is where a member of our staff gives our HR team your contact details because you are that staff-member's next of kin.
15119	One final piece of feedback I would like to give is positive, everytime I have contacted the customer services team at SpareRoom, I have had a swift, professional, helpful and courteous reply, and this has been very much appreciated.
15120	One goal was a solo effort as he ran from the halfway line, shaking off two defenders, before finishing clinically.
15121	One gripe for rear seat passengers is that there is only one sliding door – thankfully on the nearside – through which to get in and out.
15122	One half Scottish grit, the other half Caribbean spice; Junkyard Choir is a one-hundred-percent south coast blues-grunge explosion.
15123	One hundred years ago this month the James Brothers, the first Pembrokeshire men to build and fly their own aircraft, took off from Brynhyfryd fields in their wood and canvas plane.
15124	One important consideration for people will be that, in reality, governments' policies have tended to change over time.
15125	One in four of us will have difficulties with our mental wellbeing at some point in our lives.
15126	One inside the building the men stole a safe and a till from premises, containing approximately £300, before fleeing the scene.
15127	One is a large crater, was filled up previously.
15128	One is said to be a charitable donation, while the other was a top secret ‘very Australian’ gift, although Turnbull confirmed it ‘appeals to their interests’.
15129	One key essential to becoming more digital is to keep on top of these new and exciting developments – on we publish new content every day to help small businesses achieve more online.
15130	One key option to be introduced is Pedestrian Detection, which identifies people and reduces the severity of collisions at speeds of up to 50mph.
15131	One Lambeth Advice – Citizens Advice Merton and Lambeth (CAML) provides a free confidential and independent advice service delivered by trained advisers.
15132	One large handful of kale only has 36 calories, 5 grams of fiber and 0 grams of fat.
15133	One lucky winner can enjoy a VIP afternoon on 2nd December, including a pair of Rear Choir tickets, a drinks and canapés reception, a player visit and official souvenir programme.
15134	One man I met here was – Bland, of Milton Street, an old St John’s boy I think.
15135	One medium potato supplies, on average, 30 mg vitamin C, nearly as much as in a glass of tomato juice and 1.5 mg iron, which is around the same amount as in an egg.
15136	One member of the crew and one member of ground staff were also severely injured and the remainder of the crew were injured in varying degrees of severity.
15137	One minute I'm up on top of the world, the next I'm down in the dumps, but I pretend I'm ok.
15138	One more run for luck was a bit of a mistake as we had a few small crashes and the trails were soaked through making the roots treacherous and the corners almost impossible!
15139	"One Nature of the Word Enfleshed"
15140	One of a pair of acrhitect designed log cabins for 2 near Newtonmore.
15141	One of Britain’s largest local authorities has beefed up its powers so it can issue fines of up to £5,000 on letting agents who flout the law and do not join one of three approved redress schemes.
15142	One-Off cleaning services in Wigan are ideal for helping you get back on top of the cleaning.
15143	One of Goode’s characteristics is a touch of urgency that has nothing to do with impetuosity or agitation of the surface but rather with a projection of the discourse in the sense of carrying it forward and making us curious about what will happen next.
15144	One of his sons (Thomas Mallam junior) founded a firm of solicitors in this building while another of his sons (James Richard Mallam) continued the auctioneering side of the business.
15145	One of my favourite views on the way to work is from the bridge at Bolton Abbey.
15146	“One of my great strengths is that I’m like a magpie.
15147	One of my other aims is to work closely with other department managers to ensure that our cross-department services, such as Marketing Packages & Content Marketing are working well with everyone across the company.
15148	One of my very first posts on this blog was about making bread and butter pudding with stale croissants.
15149	One of our dentists will then take a mould of your mouth.
15150	One of our key principles at Callcredit is being ‘people people’ and we always like …
15151	One of our longest-serving sales people, John Binney, is now heading up our team of Technical Sales Managers.
15152	One of our main sources of competition comes from smaller practices who could offer to do tax returns and year end accounts at cheaper rates.
15153	One of our members appeared on TV to forewarn consumers on how best to minimise the risk of any plumbing and heating system problems occurring.
15154	One of the 80's top stars is looking forward to his first performance in Coventry.
15155	One of the aims of the GPA is to provide both a high-level political statement to motivate leaders to prioritise energy, and a working-level roadmap to serve as the base for an effective Global Plan of Action.
15156	One of the areas to see the biggest increases in spending was staffing, with the cost of CUSU’s 16 members of staff – which includes sabbatical officers – amounting to £49,894 more than in 2013/14.
15157	One of the best alternatives to actual smoking is the use of electronic cigarettes or e-cigarettes.
15158	One of the best-known landmarks is a stone pagoda, and Chinese architectural flourishes have been added to many of the surrounding buildings.
15159	One of the best ways to attract organic search engine traffic is with good quality content.
15160	One of the better Parkdean sites I have stayed on.
15161	One of the biggest advantages the Volvo XC90 T8 Twin Engine has over its rivals is its fantastic interior.
15162	One of the biggest challenges that faces many rookie auto locksmiths is the sheer number of vehicles that are out there.
15163	One of the biggest outdoor events in the UK, this year's Manchester Day saw more than 2,000 participants, from more than 80 community groups, take to the streets for a spectacular parade through the city and entertainment in the city squares.
15164	One of the country’s fastest-growing social movements, the network seeks solutions to issues including obesity, diet-related ill health, food poverty and waste, climate change and biodiversity loss, and declining prosperity.
15165	One of the first questions I had in contemplating this topic was, as a British Citizen who is resident in Ireland, can I vote?
15166	"One of the first Story Homes’ customers to buy at Appleby was the Dent family.
15167	One of the glaziers was John Thornton, the maker of the great east window at York Minster, who lived in St. John's Bridges.
15168	One of the government’s two targets for the fiscal position set out in the Charter for Budget Responsibility.
15169	One of the greatest dates in Cardiff’s annual concert diary – the Last Night of the Welsh Proms!
15170	One of the greatest things we can achieve as adults working with children is to be positive wellbeing role models.
15171	'One of the highlights was attending a showing of the film "Still Alice" at Number 10 Downing Street.
15172	One of the key aspects of this consultation is how to allow for the reporting and collection of tax on non-ISA savings income in excess of the Personal Savings Allowance.
15173	One of the key lessons of Haiyan is the need for collaboration, thus the need for PDRF.
15174	One of the latest pieces of research on the topic concluded that “contra-flow cycling does not constitute a road safety problem but rather a road safety solution in narrow roads”.
15175	One of the latest to make a splash is Flint and Harding, whose gin and vodkas were created by Chrissie and Paul Charie on their Suffolk farm in response, unusually, to their daughter’s pickle business.
15176	One of the main army camps in Roman Britain, Deva later became a major civilian settlement.
15177	One of the main barriers was a lack of time to fully engage in the programme, which was related to competing priorities in schools and varying levels of buy-in from senior leadership teams.
15178	One of the main reasons for creating a social media presence is to develop a strong online reputation.
15179	One of the major differences between R&D Tax Credits submissions made by an accountant and a submission made by Fiscale often lies in the presentation of the information.
15180	One of the major drawbacks of booking directly at a hotel website is that generally the entire amount needs to be paid upfront, to get their best rate!
15181	“One of them designed a garden for his favourite rapper and there was another based around county flowers.
15182	One of the men from the group shouted something at him, but he carried on walking.
15183	One of them landed in our road in Sevenoaks at about 7am.
15184	One of the more surprising statistics was that UK natural gas production dropped by 4.3 per cent compared to a 14.3 per cent decline in 2009.
15185	One of the most beautiful beaches I have had the pleasure to walk along in this country.
15186	One of the most common mistakes brides make is that this is a day where you should slap on as much as possible.
15187	One of the most delightful independent suburban restaurants you are likely to find in Leeds.
15188	One of the most exciting lots is a stunning 60-year-old Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback.
15189	One of the most informable web sites that I've ever come across.
15190	One of the most nerve-inducing weekends of netball returns this weekend as 11 teams head to Ilford to face the gauntlet of the 2017/18 Mizuno Premier League Play-Offs.
15191	One of the most popular and tax-efficient arrangements is the enterprise management incentive (EMI) scheme.
15192	One of the most well known aspects of Leigham is the easy access to the Nature Reserve which offers a range of local wild life and nature trails and connects out towards Plympton and Dartmoor.
15193	One of the original Brent songs but you get a new, second verse which explains what it’s all about.
15194	One of the pictures he has included in the exhibition was part of a campaign to stop Hackney Council housing families in “the most appalling hotels” in Finsbury Park in 1981.
15195	One of the real advantages of conservatories over any other type of extension, is that they let in the light and warmth from the garden whilst at the same time providing shelter from the elements.
15196	“One of the reasons we wanted Dennis so much is because we feel he offers something different,” said Farke.
15197	One of the recently seized badges was taken last August from a driver who was spotted by investigators displaying a blue badge when parked in Ealing Broadway.
15198	One of these events was supposed to be Reading Half Marathon, but the 13.1 mile run was cancelled due to the snow.
15199	One of these, located just to the north of Tyisaf Farm at SN87969820, housed a 50x4ft wheel which pumped the engine shaft via 300 yards of flat rods.
15200	One of these was Richard Baxter who took refuge from Kidderminster, at the end of 1642, in the house of his friend, Simon King, then curate at Holy Trinity.
15201	One of the sheds is divided into two areas; in one area a Prohibition Notice has been served preventing work activities until the issues identified have been resolved, and an Improvement Notice served on the other area.
15202	One of the things I do love in Botswana is doing photography on the Chobe River in a boat.
15203	"One of the things we are trying to do is being more proactive in asking residents and traders what their area needs and encouraging that sort of trader to then consider opening in that location."
15204	One of the UK’s fastest growing accountancy practices, Baldwins Accountants, is expanding its regional foot print by moving into the North West for the first time.
15205	One of the UK’s finest swing singers is returning to his hometown of Kirkcaldy, for a special one-off show.
15206	One of the ways in which we give back is by donating 10% of our net profit to charitable causes.
15207	One of the ways that the directors of small businesses can reduce their tax liability is by drawing down dividends instead of paying themselves a salary.
15208	One of the Youth Commission’s priorities this year has been mental health and over the course of last year members have been invited to many events to talk to young people about mental health.
15209	One of UNISON’s main aims is to help workers fight for fairness and equality in the workplace and beyond.
15210	One particular barrier to inclusion that disabled colleagues have consistently mentioned is the lack of timely and appropriate workplace adjustments to meet their needs.
15211	One particular illustration of these promotional codes would be the straight speak starter kit promo code.
15212	“One person had been given too high a dose of one of their medicines on three consecutive days.
15213	One person who is championing his comeback is June Brown, who plays Dot Branning.
15214	One plane passenger picked up my luggage by mistake and got really excited on seeing my name.
15215	One point that the hon.
15216	One point to note – Royal Caribbean charge $35USD for a transfer to the Sydney Airport – this is a TOTAL RORT.
15217	One rather more controversial measure included in the Bill, however, is the introduction of a new Diverted Profits Tax.
15218	One reason for this is that the rate of new investors coming into the sector has slowed down.
15219	One recent reviewer wrote: "We visited on Mother's Day for the first time in about 20 years and the place is lovely.
15220	One remarkable aspect of the history of black people in the US is how much of it is recorded in detailed records—though, as a black man, Du Bois was excluded from Southern archives when researching his book.
15221	One Response to “Ceredigion May Loose £250K Housing Funding Due To Council U-Turn”
15222	One said: “GDPR isn’t an IT issue, or a records issue – it’s an organisation-wide issue.
15223	On escorted tours of the US you can experience all of the above, and much more, travelling in comfort and style, accompanied by a highly experienced tour manager and knowledgeable local guides.
15224	One section (owned by Llanfyllin Town Council) offers free parking.
15225	One's first taste of a truly fine strawberry will soon point up the tremendous gap whic.
15226	One such memorial was erected in 1921 to commemorate nine residents of Wilstone who died during the conflict.
15227	One thing I do know, I make better decisions now.
15228	One thing that a lot of people seem to ignore is the quality of the management team at the Franchisor – you should make sure they have a high calibre team.
15229	One thing we can't help but wonder though - what was her sobre, Brexit dress?
15230	One-third (34) of parents want to do more Home Learning with their child and this is appetite is greatest among working couple parents and working lone parents.
15231	One-to-one lessons are arranged at a time suitable for both you and the teacher so can be perfect for those who may not be able to commit to a term of lessons.
15232	One to one tuition and small group tuition are both effective interventions.
15233	One tweeted: “I don't think that noise is actually coming from the whale.
15234	One, unurned cremation burial lay 5m `behind' the supposed structure.
15235	One very good thing about Fulbourn is that according to the Rubbishe Rockstarres Act of 1342, Marilyn Manson and his music is illegal in the village.
15236	ONE Warranty is a new single package warranty that covers the product performance for build-up of the roof from batten to roof coverings for 15 years.
15237	One was Kevin Osborne, netting more than 20lb – roach with a few dace thrown in – to win an impromptu sweep on the Ouzel/Lovat in Newport, only a short distance from where it joins the Ouse.
15238	One way we are learning is through our partnership with Comic Relief, co-funding the 2017 Tech for Good programme to support digital technology with a social purpose.
15239	One well behaved dog welcome to each cottage.
15240	One women farmer from Otuke district reported a "bumper harvest" thanks to advisory messages and timely reception of the information.
15241	One year I was firmly put in my place by an exasperated receptionist.
15242	On first inspection, this would seem to suggest a strikingly bipolar season, characterised either by overperformance in the Champions League or underperformance domestically; however, closer analysis of their season yields more nuanced conclusions.
15243	On Friday 21 October, pupils in Haslewood House enjoyed a ‘Haunted Halloween Night’ organised by the.
15244	On Friday the U16s took part in the county tournament held at Oxford Hawks.
15245	On hearing his further appeal, the Upper Tribunal (Tax) decided that the payment did not fall within the exception under section 406 ITEPA 2003.
15246	On his beloved Blues, he said: "Chelsea are a first class side with absolutely fantastic footballers.
15247	On issue of the notice, the European Commission’s interpretation of the legislation was questioned by UK industry stakeholders and DEFRA sought additional legal advice.
15248	On it he identifies a guildhall on the site where County Hall now is.
15249	On July 14, 1791, a historic party was organised by a group of likeminded Ballymoney men who called themselves the “Friends of the Revolution”.
15250	On land at Rivermead, a brand new competition pool will be provided and this will be the only facility in Berkshire that will include dedicated diving provision, as well as a range of other indoor sports on site.
15251	On large developments naming and numbering will only be implemented on those phases of a planning approval that are commenced.
15252	On ‘Learn to fingerspell week’, Catherine Loftus shares her fascination with communication for deaf and hearing impaired people which was grounded in her childhood experiences.
15253	Online access to your investments 24/7 plus a six monthly statement detailing your investments and activity over the previous period.
15254	Online advertising agencies may also use this source of revenue in their mix when they accept CPA (cost per action) payment deals, but they prefer CPM (cost per thousand) and CPC (cost per click) deals whenever possible.
15255	Online Customer Service - What items are Prohibited and Restricted?
15256	Online entries for Crufts 2017 are live, and printed copies of the schedule will be available from mid-November.
15257	Online language matters everywhere, particularly for a business, so you need to be able to communicate clearly, effectively and efficiently.
15258	Online sales have however started to take off in the commercial sector, as more insurers offer direct sales.
15259	Online surveys, focus groups and online crowd-sourcing isn’t ‘rocket science’ so if you don’t have a handle on what is working and what is not there is a real need to find out dam quick!
15260	On-line tropical epidemiology--a case-study from The Gambia.
15261	Only 1 private owner from new.
15262	Only 250,000 went over to fight in France and Lord Kitchener the war minister pointed his finger and said, We need a million men,' and those million men responded, all volunteers and people like Henry."
15263	Only 27 per cent of voters bothered to turn out for the local election – in a year without a general election on the same day.
15264	Only £30 per year road tax.
15265	Only 7.2% of Hyundai customers reported a fault within the first year.
15266	Only a limited number of Tier 2 Priority Postal applications (currently 60) are accepted by the Home Office each day (excluding weekends & bank holidays).
15267	Only a peace agreement reached among the Afghani people themselves, free from external pressure in one direction or another, can produce a lasting solution.
15268	Only assistance dogs.
15269	Only ATFs are permitted to issue last owners with a DVLA Certificate of Destruction or Notification of Destruction.
15270	Only a thorough wellness screen will truly be able to confirm your state of health.
15271	Only a week to the Christmas break and still our industry.
15272	Only a year after its introduction, ‘Age/lack of maturity where it affects the responsibility of the offender’ was the most commonly used mitigating factor for many offences (in up to 43% of cases).
15273	Only bettered by the beautiful Glencoe.
15274	Only in Tait's later work does the cinema of chronology convey a satisfactory explanation of walking, but this is confined to the schema of 'organic' documentary.
15275	Only Internet Explorer 11 still receives support from the American company in the form of small security updates.
15276	Only locally sourced ingredients go into the burgers at Burger Revolution in Bishop Stortford with 100% British beef and pork and buns made by an Essex bakery.
15277	Only one amendment per booking can be made (including transfer of cruise dates).
15278	Only one cashier on duty, queue of 10 people in front of me and 6 behind.
15279	Only one third of the collections are on open access, and open access material is arranged not only by subject, but also by size and by date of publication.
15280	Only open for bookings, contact Centre for more information.
15281	Only Sebastian Larsson can’t be selected by Sam Allardyce.
15282	Only some articles are more gushing than others.
15283	Only the finest ingredients purchased from reputable suppliers throughout a robust procurement process are used in our meals.
15284	Only then should shale gas production be permitted to proceed in the event that it is proved to be economically viable, in the knowledge that it is consistent with a decarbonised UK energy system and environmental protection more generally."
15285	Only the stepped base survives from antiquity – the plain shaft and blank Celtic cross replica were erected in 1936.
15286	On March 15, Sweden’s National Board of Trade published a report summarising potential likely options for trade procedures between the EU and the UK.
15287	On May 24 he told Kim Jong-un: “I was very much looking forward to being there with you.
15288	On mobilisation in 1914, the RNR consisted of 30,000 officers and men.
15289	On Monday students at Rome's La Sapienza university occupied, and stopped Roberto Fiore, leader of the hard line fascist Forza Nuova from addressing a conference.
15290	On Monday the council’s cabinet decided.
15291	Onnelly & Maer brothers George and Max Gay are among the other additions, as are Haris Mahmood, Vamsi Tiguti, Chris Hine, Ronnie Farnell and Reg Farnell.
15292	On no issue were they clearer about this than the Irish case.
15293	On occasion, a book that you shipped promptly may be lost in the post.
15294	On occasions when customers require the systems to talk to each other a bespoke priority controller has been built to suit such a installation.
15295	On our initial visit to the hotel, we were shown around by Sumi.
15296	On purely practical terms, a land based innovation’s impact may be dependent on the size of the area in which it can take place, the type of relationship practitioners have with the landowner and the length and type of tenure they have on the land.
15297	On reaching the Market Cross (roundabout), go round it and down the hill, following the road as it bears right until a set of traffic lights is reached at the bridge.
15298	On reaching the next estate road, turn right then almost immediately left onto a well-defined track across an open area.
15299	ONR is committed to doing business with suppliers that can demonstrate their commitment to sustainability.
15300	On Safe Ground (OSG) highlights that while issues of violence are not unique to universities, universities are in a unique position to embed cultural and behavioural change.
15301	On Saturday night, enjoy live music and entertainment on Evington Lawns 6.30pm, with the Woodforde’s Brewery bar, barbecue and street food.
15302	On Saturday, they will travel to Atherton LR for a 3pm start.
15303	Onsite Optimisation deals with changes made to the site itself.
15304	On-site parking has limited availability and functions on a first come first serve basis.
15305	On-site, Ty Mawr offers an indoor fun pool with flume, Kids Clubs and plenty of entertainment for all the family.
15306	On some occasions, these special orders can take up to 14 working days to arrive at our depots and on the odd occasions may take even longer.
15307	On some sites, birch and gorse are invading as the natural succession of vegetation takes hold.
15308	On successful completion of your final year you’ll be eligible to join the RCVS Veterinary Nursing Register and begin practising as a fully qualified Veterinary Nurse.
15309	On successful completion, you can then progress to your programme within Health Sciences.
15310	On Sunday 25 May, trains between Wolverhampton and Birmingham New Street will be diverted from their direct route, adding around 15 minutes to journey times.
15311	On Sunday 29th April, Wetherby Racecourse welcomes the Mascot Gold Cup once more!
15312	On Sunday mornings for the moment we mostly meet at St Petroc’s Parish Centre, Priory Road, Bodmin, PL31 2DL.
15313	On Sunday we are running a normal service until 23.00 when there is engineering work between Fenchurch Street and Barking.
15314	On that fateful day Germany, ignoring Belgium’s neutrality after being refused free passage through the country towards France, finally declared war and sent troops across its border and attacked the city of Liège.
15315	On that night, there will be security and a degree of comfort afforded by the knowledge that people are taking heed of our welfare.
15316	On the 23th ult., in Hamilton Place, the Countess of Go R of a laughter.
15317	On the 28th, at Elton Rectory, the Wife of the Rev. Piers C. Claughton, of a daughter.
15318	On the 4th June, 1561, a terrifie storm burst over London.
15319	On the agenda: Work programme planning 2017-18; workshop & consortium building; L - category report finalisation.
15320	On the basis that we do not believe that it was envisaged that the new ombudsman service for consumer credit would lead to any person losing an existing right to take complaints to the ombudsman service, we propose to adopt option (2).
15321	On the British Gas App– download it to top up easily, whenever and wherever you want.
15322	On the car I purchased the hire charge was not automatically cancelled - was cancelled when I contacted Rent2Buy.
15323	On the coasters fresh meat and vegetables were more often available, and each man got a pound of sugar and a salt of salt butter a week.
15324	On the command bridge.
15325	On the currency markets, we have seen a general weakening of sterling following yesterday’s inflation report.
15326	On the day of the accident a passenger train had been due within 5 minutes and the staff would not have wanted to delay it.
15327	On the day of the campaign rally to galvanise support for a bid to win a judicial review of George Osborne’s buy to let tax changes, an industry body says an increasing number of Tory MPs are beginning to revolt against the government.
15328	On the day of the sale, a member of Classic Car Auctions will contact you, usually a few lots prior to your selected lots and will guide you through the process.
15329	On the death march my father and 6 others made a break for it.
15330	On the first attempt, he was within reach of the summit when he was hit by pulmonary edema, a condition caused by excess fluid in the lings, and he had to make his way back down.
15331	On the first floor, Master Bedroom with dressing area and en-suite, 2 further bedrooms with outstanding views and family bathroom with underfloor heating and on the top floor, guest suite with en-suite shower room and double aspect reception area.
15332	On the first floor there are two bedrooms, one of which is a generous double and a lovely family bathroom.
15333	On the gaming front we are always looking to give you cash for the most recent releases.
15334	On the ground floor the property has four reception rooms including a sitting room, dining room, study and snug.
15335	On the hunt for a new mascara?
15336	On the inside, the Stonic provides a spacious cabin with enough room for 5 adults to be seated comfortably.
15337	On their own shop pages, sellers can present their entire product range and inform buyers on their other offers.
15338	On the last big day of strikes and protests on 22 March, masked men attacked a student occupation in Montpellier.
15339	On the left is a Pokemon-style chess piece printed with the cheap da Vinci Mini 3D printer from XYZprinting.
15340	On the next screen, enter a name (for internal purposes) for the advert message and the sender.
15341	On the night of the Raid the Zeppelin came to Leith across the line of the shipping and not till the bombs were falling on Leith were the lights on the ships extinguished.
15342	On the occasions the visitors got through, Yong pulled off some great saves and there were some terrible misses but, at the other end, St Helens taught their guests how to take their chances under pressure.
15343	On the opposite side of the estuary of the Nith is the village of built largely to service This lovely name loses some of its attraction when you discover its origin.
15344	On the other hand, Big Man G says the movie didn't quite work for him.
15345	On the other hand, Chippendale sometimes failed to deliver on his promises and he angered Winn by pushing for payment.
15346	On the other hand, client portals and collaboration tools enable manufacturers to reduce process problems and provide real-time order status and forecast.
15347	On the other hand, in low perspiration environments, TORQ Gel and our other concentrated TORQ Units () should represent a more significant proportion of your fuel intake.
15348	On the other hand it’s easier still to be cynical.
15349	On the other side of the square, the New Inn is a rambling, beamed and timbered building with a large courtyard to the side.
15350	On the public level, the poem is a tale of English patriotism.
15351	On the right, at the bidding of the Guardian Angel, the Christian Soul, personified as a kneeling child, contemplates the suffering of Christ.
15352	On the road the Golf is a very well-balanced car, blending ride comfort, secure handling and impressive refinement.
15353	On the same day as the marathon, Tim Searle completed the Brighton 10K in a PB of 37:26.
15354	On the splay of a window on the north side of the chancel is a memorial to the architect Detmar Blow, carved by Eric Gill.
15355	On the strength of that show he is booked to appear at the International Hotel Las Vegas where his doubts about performing before a live audience return.
15356	On the strength of the difference between the first one and the second.
15357	On the upside, my children will be thrilled.
15358	On the west side of Tokenhouse Yard at No.19 (P.O. Directory).
15359	On the whole, we suspect that if you are in the habit of using such hotels, you really don't need our advice on how to tip in them!
15360	On this day in 1996, a revolutionary new Volkswagen factory opens in Resende, Brazil.
15361	“On this occasion he had four pints of lager.
15362	On this occasion, Wimbledon would go on to reach the semi-finals.
15363	On this page we will look at some statistics surrounding men's mental health, and how talk therapy can help.
15364	On this page you can also find out how to report a complaint about either a Councillor’s or officer’s conduct.
15365	On this page you can find places of interest in Begelly Wales.
15366	On this, the Labour Party is also right.
15367	On this time frame, it is actually clear that the potential resistance is in the 1945-1950 range (as opposed to 1933-1950 on the weekly), an area which has been tested already today.
15368	On Thursday 7 August we are offering a webinar to discuss the key messages emerging from the evaluation of the ‘Gearing Up’ programme’.
15369	On top of that (and whilst this is no reflection of the staff in the shop who are generally good), the delivery was not next day.
15370	On top of this, in the heart of Soho, we have the Rupert Street market which is available for themed markets or events.
15371	Onto the next one.
15372	On Townsend Square, opposite the community centre.
15373	On Track has been developed in collaboration with Imkaan as part of the Imkaan and Women’s Aid Sustainability Partnership.
15374	On Wednesday 9 May 2018, the Isabella Plantation will close early at 5pm and will re-open the following morning.
15375	On Wednesday, the 34-year-old Emir of Qatar, who was educated at Harrow and Sandhurst, took pains to deny the accusation while standing alongside Angela Merkel, the German Chancellor.
15376	Ooh yes, I am going to have a go at these.
15377	Opal is featured here in Gloss White with Vulcano Worktop.
15378	Open a door and the ship’s surgeon is treating a bloody arm.
15379	Open all year, Chewton Edge offers extremely high quality, non smoking, en-suite accommodation.
15380	Opened in1856 by the United Presbyterian Church and enlarged 1870.
15381	Opened in 1973 displays cover local geology, archaeology, lead mining, farming, trades and crafts, domestic life and more.
15382	Open education means providing greater access to knowledge and learning.
15383	Open House London is not just about buildings.
15384	Open house Saturday 16th June 2018 - by appointment only.
15385	Open house sunday 27th may 11:00 15:00, contact us for details.
15386	Opening alongside the innovation district at Westway Business Park is the Lightweight Manufacturing Centre, Scotland’s only manufacturer of lightweight components for the automotive and aerospace industries.
15387	“Opening at the beginning of February we’ve probably got a few chilly days and nights ahead, so those brave enough will be able to wander outside, hop in the sauna or hot tub and make the most of this fantastic new area.
15388	Opening in theaters beginning March 24, 2017, “CHiPs” is a Warner Bros. Pictures presentation and will be distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, a Warner Bros. Entertainment company.
15389	Opening into the Living area.
15390	Opening the eveningâ€™s entertainment will be highly-rated singer-songwriter Iona Lane, a singer, musician and songwriter from North West England.
15391	Opening the night was Icarus, The Night before the Flight an extract from a longer ballet choreographed by former Bolshoi principal Vladimir Vasiliev, which Polunin describes as “old Soviet ballet” and representing his past.
15392	Opening up a new design dimension for the bathroom are five solid surface worktops in dramatic Black or Chocolate Sparkle or contemporary neutral tones of White Shell, Glacier Shell and Bone Cloud.
15393	Opening your letter may be the first impression a potential new customer gets of your business.
15394	Open-plan living area with fitted kitchen, archway to sitting area with open fire, separate dining area.
15395	Open the NGT Lite app on your Android phone.
15396	Open the original stained glass door into the sitting room - a cosy room with log burner, flatscreen television (including DVD player) and comfy seating to relax.
15397	“Open to all those in statu pupillari in the University of Cambridge.”
15398	Open water swimming is the fastest growing sport in the UK at the moment, why do you think that is?
15399	Open your mind to the various possibilities for you and your business.
15400	Operate transparent and consistent appraisal and performance management processes and check that career paths and promotion and training opportunities are inclusive for all employees, regardless of their sex.
15401	Operatic engagements include Don Giovanni for the National Opera Studio and Tarquinius (The Rape of Lucretia) for Irish Youth Opera.
15402	Operating from Bristol, offering Executive Private Hire services for local journeys and to destinations throughout the UK.
15403	Operating from Leeds, TailorMade Property(UK) Ltd offers Investment Property to Individuals throughout the UK.
15404	Operating our own fleet of transport enables us to ensure that delivery schedules are adhered to and urgencies are prioritised.
15405	Operating under a Royal Charter granted in 1682, Spitalfields Market moved out of the City in 1991 and now occupies a purpose built 31 acre site in Leyton, East London.
15406	“Operation Hawk is committed to keeping homes in Southampton safer and getting justice for victims.”
15407	Operations Supervisor Dover Competitive Salary Operations Supervisor - Do you have a passion for logistics?
15408	Opportunities to play in an Orchestra, Wind Band and Jazz Band all with a team of dedicated professional tutors supporting each section and always on hand to help and give advice.
15409	Opportunity to qualify for the annual QHotels Champion of Champions.
15410	Opteva provides expertise in creating and reshaping travel policies.
15411	Optimise security on fences by using anti-climb paint or a ‘prickler’ strip along the top.
15412	Optional feeder with up to 4000 sheet capacity.
15413	Options are also provided for a voice or video call.
15414	Options: Keep, Scrap or Downgrade Trident?
15415	Optogenetics allows specific groups of neurons to be activated (‘turned on’) or suppressed (‘turned off’), with great accuracy, by flashing light of a certain wavelength on them.
15416	Opulent flowers, delicious spices, precious woods.
15417	Oracle Computers is a computer retailer selling a variety of computers, computer components and other accessories.
15418	Or add thin strips in each gap.
15419	Or all the sources of expression, music is the least exhausted, and perhaps the least exhaustible.
15420	Or a political party conference.
15421	Or are you excited to see what violent revenge Cersei Lannister has planned?
15422	Or blender, really, as some come as a combination of both.
15423	Orchard Green is accessed from Windsor End via a secure gated entrance with entry phone.
15424	Orchard Property and Financial Services was established in 1997 with the primary aim of simplifying the mortgage process for our clients.
15425	Orchards are also important for wildlife, which benefits from the habitats created and the nectar and pollen provided.
15426	Orchards Estates 24/7 Sales & Lettings - Spacious home with the benefit of 2 parking spaces by the front door, downstairs WC and enclosed private garden, all on the edge of Ilminster.
15427	Orchestras Live - Sound Around will see a relaxed and unique concert staged in the town.
15428	Or clubs higher up the scale can come calling.
15429	Order before 9pm for delivery the NEXT DAY.
15430	Order books suggest that growth will continue but the continued concerns over skills shortages pose a high risk to the industry’s ability to increasing output.
15431	Order locksmiths in Harrow be sent to you at short notice!
15432	Orders shipped to countries outside the EU may be subject to additional Sales Taxes and Import Duties.
15433	Order within the next 1 hour, 25 minutes to get your order processed the next working day!
15434	Order your credit report by post to your Equifax credit report and score.
15435	Ordinary people's capacity to empathise with others, regardless of nation, colour, religion and the rest, appears in all manner of forms.
15436	Or flooring the throttle in a McLaren 720S for the first time.
15437	Organics Recycling Group is running a training course focused on the requirements of PAS 110, the AD Quality Protocol and the Biofertiliser Certification Scheme (BCS) Rules requirements.
15438	Organisations and data protection professionals could use this as an introduction to the new Act.
15439	Organisations must meet the Trust's definition of a community business which includes being locally rooted, community controlled, trading and operated for the benefit of the community.
15440	Organisations that OS and BEIS have agreed as not being eligible.
15441	Organised by volunteer Cathy Robinson, the event featured various dog classes, attractions, entertainment, denonstrations, guest speakers and stalls selling everything from doggie ice-cream to canine massage treatments.
15442	Organise temporary premises and equipment, surveyors, valuers and builders as required.
15443	·Organising and liaising with carriers regarding shipments.
15444	ORG held two workshops to discuss the proposals in the EA's consultation on landspreading and digestate storage.
15445	Or if it’s the Victorian’s you have to study next year at school, get a head start and head off to the Chiltern Open Air Museum for their Victoria Week from 27th – 31st July.
15446	Or if you compared the gulf in the respective marketing budgets between the Daily Mail and the entire amount spent on all Northcliffe’s regionals.
15447	Or, if you'd rather, then please give us a call on 01977 781307!
15448	Original Belt From Manufacturer as fitted in the factory The Aramid cord & Kevlar Wrapping used in these belts is designed for demanding engines, helping to create strength, stability and rigidity, with reduced vibrations and heat resistance.
15449	Originally a Roman Village, this beautiful area is a fantastic combination of old and new with the main attraction of a stunning cathedral.
15450	Originally built as a wooden recreation hut for injured WW1 soldiers, the hut was moved to Stainton in 1919.
15451	Originally built as two manses for members of the cathedral clergy, it was extended in 1574 and bought by the Baikies of Tankerness for use as a town house in the early seventeenth century.
15452	Originally constructed in the 1630s as part of the drainage of the Fens, the embankments have been repeatedly modified and repaired.
15453	Originally established in the UK in 1965, Broadland Wineries is now an international wine producer, importer and innovator.
15454	Originally from the Wirral, Mark first worked in a number of local restaurants before joining Simon Radley at The Chester Grosvenor where he rose through the ranks to become Senior Sous Chef.
15455	Originally part of Denbigh and Montgomeryshire, Cerrigydrudion changed to become part of Clwyd and then finally to North Wales Fire and Rescue Service in 1996.
15456	Originally printed on May 28, 2016 in the Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph.
15457	"Originally put my house on the market with another agent but felt it was over priced which proved to be so; therefore had only one viewing in 6 months.
15458	Originally trained as an accountant, Simon and his wife Pam now run Facts & Figures, a chartered financial planning firm based in Ashford and London.
15459	Originally used to store the ship’s precious cargo - from tea and whisky to wool and buffalo horns - the ’Tween Deck creates an atmospheric spot for your ceremony for up to 70 guests.
15460	Originally we started out testing molecules – usually natural products that we extract from plants or animals – directly in human or sometimes in an animal model.
15461	Originating as an informal network of cultural providers with an interest in education, the Partnership has embarked upon a number of initiatives to date.
15462	Origin's part of the switching process was straightforward and seamless.
15463	Or is it to support those people who want active involvement in cricket?”
15464	Or it may have disintegrated into tiny, almost invisible parts and is now floating in the sea to be eaten by turtles and fish.
15465	Or, it’s missing some quick access pocket you’re going to use consistently on a run.
15466	Orla said, 'The first 24 hours were the most dramatic.
15467	Or make your own sweet foods, because you know what you've put in it."
15468	Or maybe digital OOH in major conurbations?
15469	Or one type of music?
15470	Or set up coaching triads in which the express aim is to move away from task completion.
15471	Or start with a clean sheet.
15472	Orta is probably the prettiest of the Italian lakes, yet surprisingly one of the least known.
15473	Or the changing cycle of the seasons in your back garden, or the complexity of even the smallest plant growing from the tiniest seed, or in a ‘chance’ meeting with a friend, or a stranger, or in enjoying a meal with loved ones.
15474	Or to know who serves the best food?
15475	Or would you rather delve headfirst into a replica reconstruction of the home of Sherlock Holmes?
15476	Or you can experiment with the range of expertly crafted showering profiles available to you.
15477	Or you can simply explore your own paths instead.
15478	Or you can use the Find My iPhone app on any iPhone or iPad (if needs be you can borrow a friend's device).
15479	Or you can use your postcode to search for the cheapest deal in your area using our comparison tool below.
15480	Or you could take your old friend: he once saved your life, and this would be the perfect chance to pay him back.
15481	Osborne's original proposal was to extend the ISA allowance, which is currently £11,520, by £1,000-3,000 if invested in green ISAs.
15482	Oscar is a 14.3hh Cob and around 14 years old.
15483	Oscar is our tour guide, keen driver, and fire maker and is endlessly patient and informative with young children – oh and pretty good at catching the animals too!
15484	Oscars is a place for food lovers who enjoy dining in a relaxed atmosphere.
15485	Osmaston Park provided an initial base, but in 1852 the Midland Railway made land available to rent north of the station – just across the Derwent accessed by Siddals Bridge.
15486	Osteopathic treatment is suitable for all ages!
15487	Oswaldwistle Immanuel are out as they closed on 233-7 chasing Greenfield’s 264 total.
15488	Other areas where members of the legal profession have specific duties include the duty to maintain respectful and courteous relationships with the courts and with other members of the profession.
15489	Other aspects include studying the effects of devolution within the UK.
15490	Other attractions on the day will include vintage vehicles, donkey rides and a children’s playground.
15491	Other circumstances in which the Council may reasonably regard the requirement to be essential.
15492	Other concerned professionals can make referrals, but this should be done with the involvement of the pupil’s school, to ensure information provided is accurate and up to date.
15493	Other data attached to an address gives clues about whether it’s being lived in: things like the electoral roll, GP registrations, and commercial data.
15494	Other designs come and go, according to availability.
15495	Other disputes about the validity of Wills may arise where it is said that they have not been properly signed or witnessed, perhaps because the signature does not appear to be that of the person who made the Will, or in an array of other situations.
15496	Other eruptions are causing ashfall and authorities are concerned that gas is also pouring from fissure vents, cloaking homes and trees in smoke.
15497	Other facilities include a medical practice, a community facilities complex with sports hall, and two shop units.
15498	Other famous distilleries are Ardbeg, Lagavulin, Bruichladdich, Caol Ila, Bunnahabhain, Kilchoman and Laphroaig Distillery.
15499	Other glamorous metallic finishes include burnished copper and bronze, and hammered silver, which offers a more textured look.
15500	Other hobbies include foraging wild mushrooms and cooking.
15501	Other information is shared with us by external organisations, listed below.
15502	Other large businesses are likely to feel the aftershocks from the potential disappearance of one of the biggest high street names since Woolworths folded in 2008.
15503	Other lines or markings which can appear on grass is a very distinctive straight line through the grass.
15504	Other locations chosen included the patio, garden, car, cinema and Wetherspoon pubs.
15505	Other machines such as CNC and non standard machines can be delivered by prior agreement.
15506	Other maternity leavers say they helped them.
15507	Other natural resources in abundance include copper, tin and gold, and the country's business sectors, namely construction, forestry, food processing, garment manufacturing, cement and tourism are growing at a rapid pace.
15508	Other notable performances came from Sam Weaving in the MU20 category in which he finished fourth and Lynne Hinson, who also finished fourth in the very competitive F45 category against 114 other competitors.
15509	Other property features on buyers’ ‘must-have’ lists include plenty of electrical sockets and easy access to local shops and other amenities.
15510	Other protests asking for dialogue were held in cities including Valencia, Bilbao, Pamplona and Sanitago de Compostela, news agency Europa Press reported.
15511	Other reasons include donating to school charity days (21%) and paying for clubs and societies (20%).
15512	Other Registers include the 500m+ hills (Deweys) of England & Wales, the Birketts, 1000ft hills of the Lake District, as well as the Irish hills.
15513	Other restrictions including black-out may apply.
15514	Others are not optional.
15515	Others enter the health and social care workforce, having gained valuable insight and understanding of the industry.
15516	Other services include colour repair, Allergy Control, Spot and Stain removal and rug cleaning.
15517	Others include a UK quad poster for Goldfinger (1964), expected to fetch £4,000 to £6,000, and one for The Beatles' A Hard Day's Night (1964) which could go for between £2,000 and £3,000.
15518	Others in the assembly questioned whether relevant safeguards would be in place to protect those who did not wish to perform the ceremonies.
15519	Others, such as the Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal, have been reinvented as lovely places to spend time outdoors, shared by walkers, cyclists, boaters, horse riders, animals and birds.
15520	Others were more brutal.
15521	Others will only bark when there are strangers about or when something they don't like is going on in their surroundings, but rarely would a Welsh Collie show any sort of aggression, preferring to keep their distance.
15522	Other versions of Android already integrate Google, but the Pixel 2 allows to blend your daily apps with the phone’s interface in a more seamless way.
15523	Other visitors will be able to buy an annual pass from £10, allowing unlimited entry to the gallery for 12 months, or a day ticket from £6.
15524	Other websites that use cookies to provide many of their personalisation features will not work properly if you decline cookies.
15525	Otherwise, despite still being a beta, it is largely glitch free and has a very active team behind it constantly making improvements.
15526	Otherwise it is the communications glue that holds organisations together.
15527	Otherwise, it’s just about how pretty the leaf is.”
15528	Otherwise there is a risk that children here could be denied access to European trials and suffer even greater delays in access to the latest cancer treatments.
15529	Otherwise they are passed on the following month.
15530	Otherwise, they could find themselves facing criminal proceedings in the Magistrates Court or other enforcement action.
15531	Otherwise we are leaving it to the pornographers and all the dangers that entails.
15532	OTM have given success to RM on a plate, their impact on the market being brushed aside like a tiny fly on a giant, but good gossip over the year as long as you weren't one of the agents who signed up!
15533	Our 2011/12 Corporate Responsibility Review that sets out our CR strategy, successes and plans for the future is now available as a download below.
15534	Our 2012 report reviewed the various civil engineering technologies and deployment techniques (such as cable-laying techniques) used to roll out superfast broadband networks in the UK and elsewhere.
15535	Our 4GEE Essential Plans and 4GEE Plans give you access to speeds of up to 60Mb/Second.
15536	Our ability to campaign for equal pay, against violence against women and for equal representation is all built on the ability to have control of our own bodies.
15537	Our accommodation consists of 1 single, 2 doubles and 3twin-bedded rooms.
15538	Our adult riders come from Enham, Andover Mind, Andover Day Services, Mencap and a few individuals whom we try very hard to accommodate.
15539	‘Our advice confirmed that the Ombudsman does not have the authority to accept complaints from community councils.’
15540	Our Advisors don't sell, we simply aim to make the installation process for our customer as smooth as possible from start to finish as well as helping resolve any aftercare issues that may occur.
15541	Our aim is for complete energy independence: to generate 100% of the electricity we supply.
15542	Our aim is to give our 60,000 HMRC colleagues the best possible IT experience so that, in turn, they can provide a great service to the millions of customers we serve.
15543	Our aim is to give you the best quailty service for the best value.
15544	Our aim is to provide a rich and diverse experience of each subject that engages and challenges student creativity and technical understanding in a wide range of material areas.
15545	Our aim is to provide more convenient loading arrangements for the businesses that previously used a loading bay towards the.
15546	"Our aim is to submit plans in June, start working by the end of the year and to be open by the end of 2019."
15547	Our aims are to promote continuing professional development, to encourage networking and to represent members in this area.
15548	Our American advices are full of interesting points.
15549	Our analysis identified gaps in the literature, particularly in assessing risk factors and sequelae of this infection.
15550	Our analysis suggests this is a result of the managers' ability to consistently select companies with superior growth prospects.
15551	Our apologies to all our customers for the inconvenience.
15552	Our approach allows you to view like-for-like comparisons across your fleet, highlighting areas to develop and those in which you already excel.
15553	Our athletes work hard to become some of the best in the country and some compete on an international level, for school children they are an inspiration and we are proud to be able to help them achieve their goals.”
15554	Our bank details are available on request.
15555	Our Bank grew out of the Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers, who came together to build a better society, without political or religious persuasion.
15556	Our barn can be hired for £30 per hour after the session for food and drink.
15557	Our beautiful store has a friendly and happy atmosphere, and our experienced and welcoming team look forward to helping you choose the perfect gift for yourself or a loved one.
15558	Our bedrooms are mainly for single occupancy however, we do have a small selection of double bedrooms depending on the availability.
15559	Our best Saturday night break with a delicious 2-course dinner from the set menu & unlimited breakfast the next day included.
15560	Our Bistro serves classic European cuisine made from the finest, freshest local ingredients that our head chef, Nico Cecchello, can find.
15561	Our book is bang on target in this respect but it has not emerged as a reaction to government policy, the thesis is based on fundamental principles of good planning, design quality and sound research.
15562	Our books aim to get people talking, inspire new thinking or capture a moment, and we work hard to share each author’s vision with the widest possible audience.
15563	Our Branches are localised membership groups.
15564	Our brand new display of water features will inspire gardeners with a huge choice of modern and traditional types that will add that something special to your garden with the gentle sound of running water.
15565	Our bright spacious ship makes it easy for you to travel in comfort, with all the onboard facilities at hand to make your journey as relaxing and fun as possible.
15566	Our broadband rollout is one of the best in Europe with almost three quarters of the UK able to access superfast speeds.
15567	Our buying team love to use interior design trends as inspiration for all our ranges and our wall tile collection is no exception.
15568	Our Capabilities: Empower Dynamics and its Associates provide strategic Business Development and Sales assistance, tailored to your organisational needs.
15569	“Our care team is very aware about customers’ hydration right through the year but summer is a time when we up our vigilance on this issue.”
15570	Our Change of Scene attendees are unlikely to gain GCSEs and many may not even finish school, so the AQA Unit Award Scheme is very important to them.
15571	Our channel has a range of videos that you may find interesting.
15572	Our chartered tax advisers take the utmost care to ensure that your R&D tax credit claim is prepared correctly, as determining the correct treatment is not always as obvious as it might seem.
15573	Our chief blog writer Roy – a man of many talents as he is also a ceramics expert and tour guide.
15574	Our Childhood Studies, and Health Community and Social Care Studies courses achieved 100% overall satisfaction from final-year undergraduate students in the 2017 National Student Survey.
15575	Our choice is not to audition singers and provide an open access.
15576	Our Client had a two storey building in his garden that was used as a workshop/storage.
15577	Our client has expres.
15578	Our client is an entrepreneurial software business going through a period of change.
15579	Our clients are not required to invest in any server hardware or expensive database licences and we remove the need for expensive communication links allowing remote offices, home workers and clients simple, secure and efficient access to the system.
15580	Our clients include private developers, local authorities, major house builders, housing associations, the NHS, universities, retailers and landowners.
15581	Our clients include the Welsh Government and the Chamber for Business and Social Action.
15582	Our clients range from individuals and companies to accountancy firms.
15583	Our client was not sure whether he could claim for compensation but medical professionals commented that they had never heard of the aorta being damaged during a laparoscopic hernia repair before and this encouraged him to pursue making a claim.
15584	Our colour experts are always looking match the correct colour shade and application method to suit skin tones and meet guests expected maintenance commitment.
15585	Our commercial products range from durable block paving and paving flags to kerb stones and natural stone products.
15586	Our commitments reflect the way we work with each other and our clients every day.
15587	Our Company will help your business to find, and negotiate, the office space solution best suited to your needs.
15588	Our Consulting team comprises experts in a number of fields including Management Consulting, Technology and Strategy.
15589	Our courier will deliver your product to a ground level room of your choice; however, we do ask that you check your goods will fit in your property and that any entranceways, hallways, corridors etc are free from obstruction.
15590	Our course provides specialist skills and knowledge about the most important issues related to the sustainability of agricultural production and food security.
15591	Our CRM and database systems offer an enhanced profiling structure and full integration with leading job search websites, social media platforms and CRM analytics.
15592	Our customers can choose to conduct their business with the Council in English or in Welsh.
15593	Our Customer Services Team are not able to provide specific dates for when items will be back in stock so please keep checking the site for further information.
15594	Our customer they did not like the idea of tiles and had seen some photos of glass splashbacks as an alternative.
15595	Our daily lives can be hectic.
15596	Our data support the use of the pF11 and pB8 promoters for improved immunogenicity in future MVA-vectored candidate vaccines.
15597	Our daughter got married at this hotel on sat 22nd April, and what a day we had, fantastic from start to finish.
15598	Our day at Norton Park was absolutely perfect!
15599	Our Deaf-friendly activities course is for leaders and coaches working with children and young people.
15600	Our debt recovery solicitors work closely with our lawyers and benefit from our connections with a nationwide network of insolvency practitioners.
15601	Our dedicated Talent Acquisition Team are focused on finding you the right people for our jobs and the right jobs for our candidates so we won’t bombard you with calls and emails about positions which aren’t a perfect match.
15602	Our dedicated team of firefighters, community safety officers and volunteers have a varied range of skills including British Sign Language (BSL) and are able to offer visits that are Dementia Friendly.
15603	Our dedication, passion and determination have significantly contributed to the international reputation and popularity now attributed to English Sparkling Wine.
15604	Our degree can also help to develop careers in sport management, sports event management, hospitality management, and in the business sector.
15605	Our dentists are on hand to outline and clarify any question or query you may have about gum disease solutions.
15606	Our department has a large pool of external contacts, ranging from companies providing networks, cloud services and network security, who work with us and our students to provide advice, placements and eventually graduate opportunities.
15607	Our Design Informatics programmes are advanced, full-time courses for professionals and recent graduates.
15608	Our Developer Interface Team will be able to assist if your query relates to the installation or diversion of a main.
15609	Our differences are our strengths.
15610	Our distinctive landscapes are an irreplaceable asset we have inherited from earlier generations.
15611	Our domestic cleaners are local to Grange-over-Sands in order to provide a timely, reliable service.
15612	Our double glazing experts will help you achieve the perfect look for your property.
15613	Our easy to use search engine takes the stress out of searching for flights so that you can get cheap Tyrolean Airways flights quickly and easily.
15614	Our education provider offers an employability course which offers skills to support CV writing, interview skills and job search.
15615	Our Education Services has 110 Early Years Nurseries and there are also 345 Private and Voluntary childcare providers throughout the City (to include private nurseries, playgroups, child minders', Out of School Care and Crèche facilities.
15616	Our email newsletter enables us to keep our friends and supporters up to date with events and activities in a much more timely way, and at much lower cost.
15617	Our email services are cloud hosted by Cloudmail and Mailchimp and our Patron services are hosted by GoCardless and Typeform.
15618	Our employees are very important to us and we like to recognise all the hard work they do with our reward and benefits on offer to them.
15619	Our energy centre has fire and security alarms, which are monitored 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
15620	Our ePortfolio platform is called and is based on the software It combines tools such document uploading with social networking features to allow an online version of both summative, formative and peer portfolio assessment.
15621	"Our errors meant that we hadn't had chance to put our plans into action, and the interception try just after half-time was a heart-sinker as we had got back into the game.
15622	Our estate agency service encompasses a number of bespoke departments designed to help those with specific property tastes and desires.
15623	Our experienced branch manager in Crewe can assist with your needs.
15624	Our experienced branch manager in Manchester can assist with your needs.
15625	Our experienced car locksmith will first open up your car and then take a reading to cut the new Golf key.
15626	Our experienced team of designers will engineer your building's structure; wall, floor and roof.
15627	Our expertise in website management and project website management for e-commerce and lead generating sites are gives you a complete online business experience.
15628	Our expert personal injury solicitors can assist you in making a claim, offering you immediate legal representation and rehabilitation support anywhere in Scotland.
15629	Our extensive knowledge allows us to combine a sharp commercial focus with a high level of customer service.
15630	Our extensive links with industry provide many opportunities for vacation work experience and subsequent permanent employment.
15631	Our extensive product portfolio ranges from economical electric showers to easy to install functional bar valve mixers and right through to premium showers suitable for high-end residential developments and hotels.
15632	Our Family Law lawyers deal with all legal matters relating to marriage, separation, divorce, cohabitation and all issues relating to children (eg, maintenance and access arrangements, and adoption both in England and internationally).
15633	Our FAQs will get you off the ground.
15634	Our favourite Rock&Roll themed properties!
15635	“Our figures show just how wide the generational home ownership gap is in this country.
15636	“Our figures suggest that less gross written premium was lost in 2012 because of fraud than in 2011, making the investments all the more worthwhile”, continues Cliff.
15637	Our final type of mite affecting dogs is very descriptively known by the term 'walking dandruff' or 'Cheyletiellosis'.
15638	“Our first album sold incredibly well, and we decided to focus on EP’s after that, but when we had a line-up change we needed to create a whole new product that reflected the new writing collaborations, and this album is the result.
15639	Our first sanctuary opened in 1996 in the south of the reserve and enabled us to rehome two lions and a leopard rescued from their tiny cages on top of a Tenerife restaurant, where they could only take one and a half paces in each direction.
15640	Our five tips will hopefully help you do just that – so you can enjoy online dating without worrying about who’s behind the profile.”
15641	Our flagship museum starts a journey that weaves through the village, taking you from historical buildings to landmarks known to Burns.
15642	Our florists are handpicked for their experience, creativity and care.
15643	“Our focus now is to explore and develop the exciting opportunities to expand the attraction of numerous spaces around the estate whilst providing the amenities visitors expect when visiting a country house estate of this stature.”
15644	Our foster carers tend to be people who really love animals but are not in a position, for one reason or another, to have one full-time.
15645	Our friendly staff will ensure your stay with us will be memorable for both you and your guests.
15646	Our friendly team at Ableworld Salford are ready to help customers with daily mobility aids such as reachers and strolley trolleys that can be useful pieces of equipment for many people at home.
15647	Our frontline services are increasingly supporting children and families on issues such as depression and self-harm.
15648	Our full consultation report can be found below.
15649	Our full details are set out on our site terms and conditions page.
15650	Our fundraisers will only ever ask for Direct Debit donations as they are not authorised to accept any other form of donations, such as receiving cash donations.
15651	Our Funeral Directors are here to support and advise you at every stage, with uncompromising compassion.
15652	Our GCSE and A-level teams have worked closely together to ensure that our A-levels build on our GCSEs.
15653	Our goal is a diverse portfolio enjoying the benefits from global growth.
15654	Our good friends at the Good Agency had an installation at this year’s Fundraising Convention asking delegates what rules they would like to break.
15655	Our grants have allowed organisations to test new approaches and garner evidence of effectiveness as the basis for improvement.
15656	Our great offers make CCT Conference Centres great value.
15657	Our growth has been underpinned by a creative and energetic team who passionately believe in delivering an outstanding customer experience.
15658	Our guests had nothing but praise for the whole occasion.
15659	Our guest speaker was Jonathan Reekie, who stepped down in 2013 after six consecutive years as chair of the panel of judges for the Awards for Composers.
15660	Our guidelines and FAQ provide detailed advice on the operation of FOIA, including how to deal with requests, and how to help protect sensitive commercial information.
15661	Our guys are all equipped with the best, professional quality tools and gauges money can buy and our workmanship is always guaranteed.
15662	Our harp studio offers a personal and exclusive experience to all of our clients.
15663	Our head office is in Rotherham, South Yorkshire and with local offices covering all areas of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, Move Vehicle Leasing offers of any car or van direct to your home or office.
15664	Our helpful, can-do approach, the fact that we are not a jack of all trades and just do bathrooms, when we start the job we are only working for you and not jumping from job to job.
15665	Our high standard is shown through our family-run, friendly, reliable, regular service.
15666	Our hope is that as many people as possible can support our Annual Fund so that students can benefit from new projects every year, making an immediate and tangible difference to their education.
15667	Our ignorance of the consequences of using this chemical is a cause for concern.
15668	Our Illumina range boasts a variety of foggy, succulent shades like Emerald and Marine, while our Crackle Glaze Ocean range offers textured, muted tones like Sand and Sea.
15669	Our increasingly data-driven world presents huge opportunities and challenges for government, industry, and policy makers, and OII research is used by policy makers around the world to shape digital-era policy and practice.
15670	Our independence, integrity and willingness to explain and discuss our methodology are central to our service.
15671	Our Interior Design team managed a programme of engagement to help shape the Teams understanding of each volume and establish a “brand” for the Library & Archive.
15672	Our internal body clock (circadian rhythm) is usually set to deal with our normal lifestyle, extra care needs to be taken when driving during a time we would normally be at rest.
15673	Our investigation found that Network Rail should have taken steps to reduce the risks of using the crossing, including instructing pedestrians to telephone the signaller before attempting to cross.
15674	Our investigations strengthen etiological evidence for the role of heater-coolers in transmission and raise the possibility of an ongoing, international point-source outbreak.
15675	Our joint approach with the police, with the support of other agencies, is to help those involved in prostitution to develop routes out.
15676	Our judges mingle with the crowd and then decide who should receive the coins.
15677	Our keynote speaker was Professor Ann Oakley, who drew on her recent biography of Barbara Wootton, a pioneer and advocate of evidence-based policy development, and her own long research career.
15678	Our knowledge across a range of industry sectors delivers a variety of policy solutions and relevant benchmarking and practical advice in achieving a workable policy.
15679	Our large database of hand picked brilliant artists means that we will find the exact piece for you Locally, Nationally or Internationally.
15680	Our late-model and well-maintained van fleet offered from Northamptonshire includes small, medium-sized and large vans.
15681	Our latest research shows that your average electrician in London is earning £58,000 per year and bricklayers aren’t far behind, earning £53,000 a year.
15682	Our latest results (compared to the national average) are published below.
15683	Our lesson plans provide information on why deaf children and young people need to be taught about online safety and three lesson plans – on social networking sites, sexting and cyberbullying.
15684	Our Liverpool Docks Hotel is a half an hour walk from here, so stroll back at your leisure.
15685	Our long-term success depends on our ability to make conscious decisions to embed sustainable practices along our value chain.
15686	Our main business hours are 9am - 5pm Monday - Friday but we can offer out of hour services based on your needs which we can discuss during our free Meet and Greet no obligation consultation.
15687	“Our main ethos is to get our students involved in real projects allowing them consolidate theory with practical habitat and species management.
15688	Our materials can help you and your church to pray, worship and reflect.
15689	Our member Ms R is employed in the Civil Service.
15690	Our members would embrace the opportunity to work locally to make sure that what the community needs is what the community gets.
15691	Our method of waterproofing is used on a daily basis to waterproof both new build and existing structures and is used extensively to waterproof structures where Tanking has failed.
15692	Our mission is to make buying and selling your holiday or park home easy by providing you with a "one stop shop" for all things static caravan and lodge related.
15693	Our Missions ignite public interest to accelerate ocean awareness and literacy, and build a legacy of human capacity in marine science, conservation and ocean management.
15694	Our mobile dashboards allow you to perform all areas of your account need without being tied to your desk.
15695	Our mobile fun casino is based on the Wirral and operates throughout the North West and North Wales, covering Merseyside, Cheshire, Lancashire and beyond.
15696	Our money is on Ibbotson and Blundell sticking around for the long run.
15697	Our Moroccan handicrafts range includes Henna Lamps, Morocccan Lanterns, Safi Pottery, Moroccan Slippers and unsual gift ideas.
15698	Our most popular menu choice is the Boxed Fish and Chips.
15699	Our Motorcycle Instructor Training is thorough and extensive, as we guide you through the process to become a great coach.
15700	Our MP has one of the highest majorities in the country, he cares about his constituents, he has real integrity and abundant experience.
15701	Our Multi-skilled Maintenance Engineers enjoy an enviable, industry leading remuneration package in excess of £50,000 per annum made up of an attractive base salary, guaranteed shift allowance, bonus, super pension scheme and much more.
15702	Our NBA experts answer the big questions heading into the Finals.
15703	Our network is for adults.
15704	Our NEW Basingstoke store is located within Festival Place shopping centre, so is the ideal location to take a break from your busy shopping excursions.
15705	Our new corporate charity partnership, which launched on 1st February, will run for at least the next three years.
15706	Our new e-learning resource “Euthanasia in Laboratory Animals” is now available.
15707	Our new mandate, to help make the UK the best place to live and do business online, has transformed that perception.
15708	Our newsletter is published every two months and provides a summary of key educational news, dates and activities from around Scotland.
15709	Our new ‘Sweet 16’ Afternoon Tea is perfect for those looking to try something different when celebrating this milestone birthday with friends and family.
15710	“Our next meeting will be to get the kids views,” she said.
15711	Our objective is to maximise recycling and minimise landfill for Burrowbridge.
15712	Our officers use a collection of standard contract documents.
15713	Our ongoing commitment to staff training is an investment, not only in their career development but also in the long term of the future of the company, as it continues to grow"
15714	Our ORQA Cloud dashboard tool provides a one-stop-shop for your operational needs.
15715	Our output will include news, music and interviews along with a number of segments designed to actively showcase community interest groups, projects and events along with local businesses, artists and musicians.
15716	Our owners and directors work hands-on in the company.
15717	Our own performance data and bespoke sampling exercises help us to understand how we are responding to the challenges of hate crime prosecution.
15718	Our partnership began in 2007 with the appointment of Ian Woodward as the first GiGL Royal Parks Officer.
15719	Our partnership with the Dorset History Centre lets us provide you with a series of captivating collections from Dorset’s history.
15720	Our path passes around this house to the right, crossing into the field to the right of our track.
15721	Our people, their expertise and skills can make a real difference to help young people decide in favour of a STEM career.”
15722	Our pick is the crisp and golden Guzzler.
15723	Our PII proposals will give firms more flexibility to choose the right level of insurance to suit their business and clients.
15724	"Our Playfire service is where we heavily engage with our audience, which we actively add strength to through Twitter, Facebook, and newsletters.
15725	Our playgrounds are fully accessible.
15726	Our playhouses consists of anything you can imagine; if it can be drawn, we can make it, a castle, a pirate ship, a play tower or even a French Chateau.
15727	Our policy is to test the website with browsers that take more than 2% of the traffic on our website.
15728	Our political leaders must focus all the best talent and resources of government on the number one strategy, which is growth, supported by productivity improvement in both the public and private sector.
15729	Our prices are very competitive we offer discounts for quantity, probably the best prices in Leicester.
15730	Our Principles and Code of Conduct do not apply to the actions of non-authorised persons outside of the firm in which they are involved.
15731	Our prize range is growing and improving all the time, choose from games of bowling, sweets, the latest ‘Me to You’ items, radio controlled toys, house goods, electrical goods, gadgets, consoles, LCD TV’s and more.
15732	Our products are made of responsibly sourced, renewable raw materials.
15733	Our programme enables you to develop relevant engineering skills whilst learning key business principles and practices.
15734	Our programmes are highly regarded in the acting profession for the thoroughness of their audition processes and the passion, quality and rigour of the teaching.
15735	Our proposed new structure will both redirect important funding to essential maintenance work but also make us much more responsive to customers and partners."
15736	Our qualification is highly valued by employers.
15737	Our range includes farming, smallholding, equestrian, pet, clothing and footwear as well as gardening products and lots more besides.
15738	Our range of activity begins with research into genes and progresses to clinical trials.
15739	Our range of payment options makes accepting cards and new digital payments really straightforward.
15740	Our rare books collection is almost entirely gifts, from Fellows, alumni, and friends of the college, and it is great to see it continue to grow thanks to kind donations such as these.
15741	Our rates are flat rates so you can be assured of no extra charges.
15742	Our RCM Branches - Celebrating your Success!
15743	Our reason for writing this article is to try to prevent churches from hurting anyone in the future.
15744	Our records retention schedule sets out the length of time for which each type of record should be kept.
15745	Our recycling and refuse service is saving West Oxfordshire taxpayers more than £500,000 a year.
15746	"Our registered builders are telling us how tough things are for them, so taking on an apprentice at this time is a real challenge for many.
15747	Our regulatory compliance solicitors provide specialist, pragmatic legal advice on regulatory and compliance issues for a broad range of clients and sectors.
15748	Our relationship started and we are proud to have extended our role as Worldwide Partner through to 2020.
15749	Our report Fraudscape details fraud trends from over 325,000 fraud cases recorded in 2016, providing the most comprehensive picture available of fraud in the UK.
15750	Our reputation for customer service is renowned and in our range of hearing aids, you’ll find models that are both discreet and comfortable, offering a high standard of performance at affordable prices.
15751	“Our research has revealed that we are a nation of film lovers, with almost a quarter (23 per cent) of those surveyed watching at least four films a month and a third (37 per cent) choosing to watch film in cinema as a moment of escapism.
15752	Our research is having a real-world impact on the societies, economies and culture of Malaysia and ASEAN.
15753	Our Residential Development team arrives for MIPIM 2014!
15754	Our residential letting agents in Nottingham covers the city and its surrounding areas.
15755	Our response to the NICE consultation on depression guidance.
15756	Our restaurant staff will assist in any way to make your dining as enjoyable as possible.
15757	Our role is to train people in departments and agencies how to write and publish to GOV.
15758	“Our school feels it is vital to children’s emotional wellbeing to celebrate the individual child and embrace the differences and similarities accepting people for who they are without exception.
15759	“Our SDS builds on those outcomes.
15760	Our search algorithm returned perfect matches for terracotta floor tiles and 23 most relevant partial matches.
15761	Our Secret Garden Gazebo is ideal for Forest Schools and offers the opportunity for outdoor lessons alongside natural play and learning.
15762	Our sector is complicated, fact.
15763	Our seminars have previously been very well subscribed with positive feedback from both delegates and employers.
15764	Our service for Hoddesdon inculdes free delivery on all sheds with fitting service availablecross our range, just ensure you have a solid level base ready prior to us arriving.
15765	Our service is primarily a web based financial and legal administration for your block.
15766	“Our services essentially allow publishers to concentrate on their business strategy without the drawbacks of managing expensive production operations”, says Robert Tipping, Managing Director at AT Graphics.
15767	Our service starts towards the end of the prison sentence and continues after release.
15768	Our shoppers safety is our number one priority, which is why intu Lakeside operates a 24/7 CCTV operation centre wide.
15769	Our smaller Meridian trains will get an extra carriage and some larger Meridian trains will lose one.
15770	Our Social Impact 2016 highlights the ways we do this.
15771	Our solicitor unfortunately was not so great but Kevin was patient and every time we called the office and spoke to a colleague of his, they all knew what we were talking about.
15772	Our specialist motorbike accident compensation solicitors can also help you to seek the compensation you’re entitled to.
15773	Our spending guideline is a vital sign of our intent and a clear message to our adversaries.
15774	Our squad wasn’t in place then.”
15775	Our staff are trained to spot pirate copies and we reserve the right to report receipt of such items together with the senders details to the authorities if we suspect attempts to sell us such items are deliberate.
15776	Our standard delivery routes are given below.
15777	Our standard office hours are from 9 to 5 Mon to Fri.
15778	Our standard technicians case constructed from durable black A.B.S. materials on a strong aluminium frame.
15779	Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
15780	Our strong global products and services hold market-leading positions across a wide range of industry sectors including banking, petrochemicals and aviation, where we help customers make key strategic decisions every day.
15781	Our structure is still very capable of serving small customers at the local level, but now we have large customers we have to serve across Europe.
15782	Our studio is perfect for aspiring singers as well as seasoned bands and professional artists.
15783	"Our studio unit leaders, Adrian Hawker and Victoria Bernie, are excellent tutors and I am glad to be part of their unit" said Shona.
15784	Our stunning Rachel is a picture of perfection in the stunning Charlotte Balbier Untamed Love gown on her wedding day.
15785	Our success is our innovation, we always strive to be the best in our areas of expertise.
15786	Our tailored suite of products and services are designed to meet the specific ever-changing needs of this unique sector.
15787	Our Tattersalls Tour will take you right to the heart of the action with one of our expert tour guides to give you all the insider’s advice.
15788	Our teaching is student centred; you will learn through doing, thinking, challenging ideas and asking questions, not by routine.
15789	Our team also comprises professional contractor accountants in Newcastle Upon Tyne.
15790	Our team also highlighted the importance of genomics in research as they guided students through a DNA extraction.
15791	Our team are professionals in safe opening in Charlton, and can help you unlock any type of safe to get your belongings back into your possession.
15792	Our team at Crystal Clear would love to have a chat to you about our great range of windows, door and conservatories and the safeguards we offer as a member of DGCOS.
15793	Our team at haart estate agents in Plymouth can show you properties in districts from Kings Tamerton and Glen Holt to Eggbuckland and Mannamead.
15794	Our team building games are the perfect add-on for your team day.
15795	Our team can provide due diligence services to assist you in making acquisitions both in the UK and internationally.
15796	Our team has 15 years of bathroom fitting experience in Stratford Upon Avon, but we understand that experience doesn’t equal reliability.
15797	Our team is always on hand to help answer any of your questions.
15798	Our team is recognised by the independent legal directories Chambers UK and Legal 500 for contentious probate.
15799	Our team of highly qualified experts are always on hand to give Carshalton the finest Feurich Pianos service that you are requiring.
15800	Our team of highly qualified experts are always on hand to give Hornsey the finest Grand Piano Sales service that you are requiring.
15801	Our team of highly qualified experts are always on hand to give Sw4 the finest Feurich Pianos service that you are requiring.
15802	Our team will be happy to book you in for a test drive when you’re ready.
15803	Our team will treat you with compassion and respect when you seek our help and support following bereavement.
15804	Our technicians are also available for installation work, prototype building, planned maintenance periods, troubleshooting and preventative maintenance.
15805	Our tenancy agreements are for single occupancy by default.
15806	Our Tennis Camps are ideal for beginners and club players aged 5-14yrs.
15807	“Our thoughts and prayers are with the family at this very sad time; and also with friends, fellow students and teachers.
15808	“Our thoughts go out to his family.
15809	Our three competition winners demonstrated that they go the extra mile to delight their customers and are already seeing the benefits to their business.
15810	Our top 10 covers a broad range of models and also highlights the engine and trim combinations that are available for £300 a month.
15811	Our topics are, as always, chosen with YOU in mind.
15812	Our tour guide Sergio was fantastic,very knowledgeable and very helpfull-a top man.
15813	Our Tour Makers are there to point your clients and their employees in the right direction and to be a helping hand.
15814	Our town centre sites operate under a format called Toast.
15815	Our traffic monitoring system INRIX is reporting that traffic is heavier than normal on A3 Southbound in to and through Guildford.
15816	Our treatment specialty includes dental implants using the best implants system in the market.
15817	Our two health insurance schemes offer your employees a range of healthcare benefits, which may include cancer cover†.
15818	Our ultimate goal is to help our clients to grow their revenue and free up their time.
15819	Our undergraduate degrees are for those without a first degree or with no/little experience within the Built Environment.
15820	Our unique designs are very attractive and offer a new way to love your place.
15821	Our unique strength is in encouraging individual growth in our pupils, both emotionally and intellectually.
15822	Our vision is that spiritual care is a core, specialist element of all the care we offer.
15823	Our vision is to be a one-stop-shop of KYC and related services in the UK and Internationally.
15824	Our visitors followed up the coding by demanding autographs from our Minister before they left!
15825	Our ‘walk out trading’ service is adding yet another element to our growing armoury of business banking services.
15826	Our website contains a large number of different season tickets.
15827	Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our website other than the homepage.
15828	Our website - the Ealing Grid for Learning - is a key resource for schools and others working with children.
15829	Our Windsor & Maidenhead home visit support worker, Sharon Fallows, co-ordinates the meetings and is happy to answer questions and offer advice during them.
15830	"Our wonderful Market Place and its architecture and the backdrop of the Stump came in for much praise.
15831	Our work included construction, fit-out and training the prison facilities team to use the new building management system.
15832	Our workshop is an Approved Service Centre.
15833	Our world is full of angry young men like Saul, bruised and humiliated who have fallen in love with a projection of their own rage and lust for power.
15834	OUSU – the Student Union – also provides a dedicated information, advice and advocacy service for students.
15835	“Outages are a statutory requirement, a safety critical process delivering the maintenance of our nuclear reactors.
15836	Outcome: Dog taken to kennels.
15837	Outgoings: It is recommended that ones own enquiries are made with the relevant authorities as to possible future charges which will be dependent on ones own use of the moorings.
15838	Out here, lentil is always the soup of the day.
15839	Out of Office hours contact Ather Mirza, 07711 927821.
15840	Outside, extensive grounds of some 3 acres (sts) incorporate wild gardens, a natural pond, orchard along with paddocks, stables and woodland.
15841	OUTSIDE FRONT: Walled mature garden with shrub and trees, area laid to lawn, double gates to driveway and front door.
15842	Outside office hours, in exceptional circumstances, you can phone 0151 922 9235.
15843	Outside of processing payments, you can use your POS to track your customers preferences, trends, and anything else that interests them.
15844	Outside of these times, please contact us via the relevant email address above and a member of staff will respond as quickly as possible during normal office hours.
15845	Outside- residents communal gardens and storage shed.
15846	Outside Structure Ten, Seb and Mai continue to uncover the thick bone deposits surrounding the building, in preparation for the visit by Dr Ingrid Mainland, Orkney College UHI’s bone expert, next week.
15847	Outside the law, he is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and a Governor of the Kenneth More Theatre in London.
15848	Outside the property boasts a single garage with electric door, an allotment area with greenhouse and storage shed, a private enclosed rear garden with flower borders and patio area.
15849	Outside there are two parking spaces.
15850	Outside there is a level back garden with a patio area and lawn with some mature shrubs.
15851	Outside there is a paved driveway leading to an double garage and gardens right round the property.
15852	Outside to the rear is small garden area and 4 parking bays with a timber storage shed.
15853	Ovechkin's two shots on goal in Game 1 were both in the first period.
15854	Over 100 walking and cycling route improvements have been identified and the routes have been assessed to make sure any improvements will meet the Welsh Government active travel route standards.
15855	Over 11,000 developers have registered for our open data, consisting of our unified API (Application Programming Interface) that powers over 600 travel apps in the UK with over 42% of Londoners using apps powered by our data.
15856	Over 160 years of experience in the local property market.
15857	Over 350 university staff will relocate from St Andrews to the Eden Campus in 2019.
15858	Over 45 years experience within the industry within the family business.
15859	Over 557 million Direct Mail and Doordrop items were sent by Retail advertisers in H1 2017.
15860	Over 900 customers, who switched to a new broadband provider within the last 12 months using Simplifydigital's unique free, independent telephone Switching Service, revealed how satisfied they were with their providers.
15861	Over 90 farmers, landowners and professionals gathered at Washingborough Hall in Lincoln on Wednesday 1 March and The George Hotel at Stamford yesterday (2 March) for the seminars, which were chaired by Johnny Dudgeon, head of Savills Lincoln office.
15862	Over 90% of dentists surveyed, who spent the majority of their clinical time treating NHS patients, said that if practice costs continually outpaced NHS fee income, practice profits would be reduced.
15863	Over 91% of employees who completed the survey feel proud of the quality of our products and services which places us 12% ahead of the external benchmarks.
15864	Over a five month period, Dexretail won a contract to supply 700+ Iceland stores across the UK and Ireland with a completely bespoke LED lighting solution.
15865	Overall, bloody good pump.
15866	Overall dress shopping was a pleasant experience and I'm glad I took the opportunity to take both my Mum and R's Mum.
15867	Overall for 2018/19 Kent County Council (KCC) have increased their council tax element by 4.993% (5% to 2 decimal places).
15868	Overall IELTS score (or accepted equivalent) of 6.5 with no component below 6.0 with the exception of the Faculty of Business and Law who in addition require a writing component score of 6.5.
15869	Overall I really enjoyed my pampering and was a bit disappointed to go back home to a pile of ironing!
15870	Overall it’s been a great experience to learn everything I know from John, and the job hunting next year after graduation should be a lot easier now I don’t have to rely on public transport!
15871	Overall length of sentence is 12 weeks consecutive to 20 months given by Bournemouth Crown Court.
15872	Overall participation was highest among the middle age groups and lowest among the youngest and oldest age groups.
15873	Overall, the 3 countries are flat; however, the weak population density leaves room for lakes and lush forests, not to mention the fauna and flora.
15874	Overall the Bill has far too much secrecy - with gagging clauses in almost every section.
15875	Overall, the internet was the best we have ever experienced on board either Crystal Ship.
15876	Overall, the Mazda CX-5 is the best equipped crossover on the market for the price asked of it.
15877	Overall, the message is more bobbies on the beat, better equipped than ever, working from a refreshed estate, sharing a renewed commitment to policing locally.
15878	Overall this means a pay structure where staff get to the top point more quickly with higher starting and promotion pay.
15879	Overall this means customers spend too much time in branches, in telephone queues, chasing paper or searching the web.
15880	Overall this was a good introductory cruise, the ship was good, the crew great and food and facilities were all excellent, well done Star princess.
15881	Overall vegetation cover is very sparse, but supports many different calcicolous plants that are typical of such habitats in the area.
15882	Overall, we enjoyed our meals and will see how the new menus develope.
15883	Overall, we found the medical services at Yeovil District Hospital required improvement; however we did find that effective and caring were good.
15884	Overall we had an excellent stay and would recommend this accommodation.
15885	Over a number of years Rahmdezfouli made numerous court appearances, while at the same time continuing to let his property.
15886	Over a period of time the arches have deteriorated with flaking paint and rusting metalwork clearly visible.
15887	Over a quarter of the 450 architecture students surveyed (27%), reported they were receiving or had already received mental health support.
15888	Over a very short period of time this new skilled tattooing art is proving to be a fashion statement as well as a treatment for hair loss.
15889	Overheard prior to the Manchester Camerata’s New Year concert at the Kendal Leisure Centre: “I wouldn’t care if I never heard another note of Strauss or Korngold”.
15890	“Overlooking the beach and out towards the Bass Rock, this is possibly the best location in the whole of North Berwick.”
15891	Over pages 6 and 7, the looks at the protest’s against Trump’s executive order banning travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries.
15892	Overpaying has the effect of reducing your balance and saving you heaps of interest.
15893	Over-qualified or under-skilled: a review of existing literature (OECD social, employment and migration working papers no 121)Looks at the mismatch between workers' competencies and what skills are required by their job.
15894	Over recent years, nature writing has experienced an extraordinary revival and it’s great to see Marlborough has its finger on the literary pulse!”
15895	Over the counter medicines can help with symptom relief and a pharmacist can offer advice if you need it.
15896	Over the course of history, community businesses have taken many forms, but time and again they have demonstrated that it is indeed possible to combine civic responsibility with entrepreneurial instincts and harness them for the common good.
15897	Over the course of six sessions, containing around ten to thirty participants, and lasting about two hours each, the groups created some standout pieces which are currently on display.
15898	Over the last 60 years the number and quality of meadows in the Yorkshire Dales National Park has declined dramatically.
15899	Over the last few years, Microsoft has partnered with Docker to ensure full integration, meaning the same experience for developers using the Docker software for either Linux or Windows-based containerisation.
15900	Over the last year in Solihull we have been supporting schools and settings to further enhance their inclusive practice through a range of staff training opportunities.
15901	“Over the next few months, though, buying opportunities will start to increase.”
15902	Over the next four weeks, I will be campaigning for every vote in Sevenoaks, Swanley, Westerham and every village.’
15903	Over the past 9 weeks, we have been refurbishing our MINI showroom into a more practical and up-to-date showroom to showcase our MINI range.
15904	“Over the past year, young workers in the Better than Zero campaign have forced companies such as Mooboo and Las Iguanas to change hiring and tipping policies.
15905	Over the summer holidays, I went on a two week expedition to Sabah, Borneo, where I conducted research about the effect of climate change on the rainforest.
15906	Over the whole length of this road there are potholes and debris.
15907	Over the year, membership grew by 13% to 927,000, while the number of sites grew by 12% to 192 across the UK.
15908	Over the year, staff from Leaders’ 85 branches across the UK have run, cycled, baked, dressed up, been ice-bucketed, gone sober and more to raise money for their charity partner Macmillan.
15909	Over the years the Association has continued to campaign for maintenance, signing and alignment improvements, with particular attention to removing the route from roads.
15910	Over the years, the Law School has educated an impressive number of high-profile alumni, who play significant roles in the legal world and beyond.
15911	Over the years, we have developed a proven and successful track record, working to a cost per acquisition model, thus ensuring customers, like lastminute,com, have complete transparency of the return on investment we are delivering.
15912	Over this cross the paddock to the stile/gate onto Farmstead drive.
15913	Over time Community-Owned Renewable Energy Partners (CORE), the vehicle for the partnership, will transition the site into the hands of Yealm Community Energy, a local community business.
15914	Over time, it will break down and become a rich soil improver for your garden.
15915	Overton, whose church was probably in existence from the beginning of the 1280s, when the planted borough became established, only became a separate parish in 1867.
15916	Over two sessions, Google experts guided aspiring entrepreneurs through subjects such as harnessing the power of the web; boosting social media presence; understanding digital marketing and using online marketing tools to reach prospective customers.
15917	Over two years, this project will address the National Trust’s need for broad, deep, accurate and stimulating content that can support its key aim of providing visitor experiences that move, teach and inspire.
15918	Overweight horses will suffer more than those in the correct condition – yet another good reason not to let your horse get fat.
15919	Owen countered with the exaggerated claim that the brain of a gorilla was more different from that of a human than from that of the lowest primate.
15920	Owen had four sisters and one brother and worked as a grocer before enlisting.
15921	Owing to its Mediterranean climate, Oludeniz experiences dry and warm weather throughout the summer making it a popular holiday destination.
15922	Owing to its muscular, robust and stocky appearance, people who aren’t familiar with this breed often feel intimidated by it.
15923	Owner communicates rapidly and tries to help with any query or request.
15924	Owner Deni donated a simple ‘LBD’ to auction at the event, which alone raised £120 for the children’s charity.
15925	Owner gave very personal service and nothing was too much bother.
15926	Owners included…Westenborg Trawlers Ltd, St Anne's Trawling Co. Ltd and Norrard Trawlers Ltd. Skippers…Edward Bowles and John Donovan.
15927	Owners will not be asked to move pets to a different site for care unless they require treatment by specialists.
15928	Owner was responsive throughout process and check-in was very easy and smooth.
15929	Own mini bus for community access.
15930	Own shower and toilet, kitchen / living.
15931	Oxfam focuses on land grabs Oxfam is moving on to the next stage of GROW – its campaign to help make sure everyone always has enough to eat.
15932	Oxfam strives to support people and their organisations to claim their human rights, in a supportive and secure environment.
15933	Oxford and Oxfordshire jobs, recruitment, employment.
15934	Oxford Attractions & Venues - Things To Do - Oxford TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
15935	Oxford Business Reviews - Shopping & Business - Oxford TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
15936	Package includes eight wedges.
15937	Packed with personality and totally adorable, meerkats are the new celebrities of the animal kingdom and your 12-month adoption will contribute to the utmost care, support and protection.
15938	PACT meetings are regular attended by Neighbourhood Policing Teams, local Councillors and partner agencies.
15939	Paddington Railway Working Mens Club - "Love this place!"
15940	Paddy Read gave Raiders an early lead after a smart lay-off from Oscar Lenane, and Will Smooker made it two midway through the half.
15941	Page created by Phil Lloyd in January 1993.
15942	Paget has written an outstandingly good guide to the battlefields of the Peninsular.
15943	Paid for 4 photos that did not get emailed as promised.
15944	Paid to be his housekeeper… or to warm his bed?
15945	Paige shoots at 54% overall, and 36% from three point range, while Nimley’s figures are 38% and 35% respectively.
15946	Painter made several appearances for the Wanderers in the run up to his first-team debut against Saracens in April 2018, lifting the Premiership Rugby A League title the same month.
15947	'Painting Landscapes: the place of murals in the symbolic construction of urban space', by Neil Jarman (1998) from Symbols in Northern Ireland, edited by Anthony Buckley.
15948	Pairing it with the top just made the whole outfit look fantastic.
15949	Pair it with the matching Dansu duvet cover to create a stylishly coordinated bedroom interior.
15950	Pairs of rook gleamed glossy in the kale and wheat, searching frozen seas of clay.
15951	Pair with black skinny jeans and and chunky ankle boots for a chic finish.
15952	Palestinian political sources consider that the current situation in Gaza is anomalous, and cannot continue indefinitely.
15953	Palmer Snell are pleased to offer for sale this well presented 2 bedroom end of terrace house in a quiet cul-de-sac in Bearwood, close to local schools, shops and transport links to Bournemouth and Poole.
15954	Pam Gosal, Milton Keynes Council Head of Economy & Culture said: “This investment by US owned Reiser illustrates the growing confidence and demand in the Milton Keynes industrial sector.
15955	Panasonic plan to offer Freeview Play recorders at a later date.
15956	Pandemic Influenza - Workplace GuidanceThis website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience.
15957	Panel bath with mixer tap and shower unit above, pedestal wash hand basin, low level WC, chrome heated towel rail, tiled walls, tiled floor.
15958	Panelled bath, low level w.c., vanity unit fitted with wash hand basin, part tiled walls, tiled flooring, extractor, central heating radiator and double glazed window to the side elevation.
15959	Panelled bath with shower attachment, pedestal wash hand basin, low level w.c. radiator.
15960	Pan fry for approximately eight minutes, turning once, season with salt and pepper.
15961	Panino is an Italian restaurant offering a variety of traditional Italian meals.
15962	Panoramic views reward a climb to the summit, while paths criss-cross the hill’s slopes and woodlands, waiting to be explored.
15963	Papa Roach had '90s nu-metal fans all dizzy-headed last week, as they performed their most notorious album, Infest, in full.
15964	Paper copies are available from your local physiotherapy department or GP surgery.
15965	Paper is marked ‘12’ on reverse.
15966	Paperless account opening is one feature first introduced at the St Ives store that has since been rolled out.
15967	Paper print-outs shoved in plastic wallets are so pre-smartphone.
15968	Papers are usually based on completed or ongoing research (qualitative or quantitative) or a review of the evidence or literature in an area of interest to voluntary sector researchers.
15969	Paragraphs 3.2 to 3.11 give guidance on how to prepare for the hearing at which the court will consider whether to give permission for an expert to be instructed, a child to be examined or otherwise assessed or expert evidence to be put before the court.
15970	Paramedics and Police attend casualty in the High Street, Bridgnorth.
15971	Parasites seen in lung tissue were roughly proportionate to both peripheral hyperparasitemia and those seen in other organs without lesions.
15972	Parental controls are currently available to all Vodafone Broadband and Home Phone customers.
15973	Parental responsibility can be held by a person other than a parent of the child and is not automatically granted to unmarried fathers.
15974	Parent company BMW Group today announced that Rover Group worldwide sales for the first six months were 10,000 units ahead of the same period last year.
15975	Parenti may be right that Caesar was a sincere popularis.
15976	Parenting specialistHope you had a nice meal out, what sort of restaurant did you go to?
15977	Parenting specialistYep, agree with that one too.
15978	Parenting specialistYes and they are all soooooo young.
15979	Parents and young people can make a request at any time, although it is useful if you do speak to the school or college before you make a request.
15980	Parents at Bangabandhu School in Tower Hamlets protested against the school’s management on Monday.
15981	Parents doing their weekly shop can watch their children enjoy free face-painting, an entertainer, giveaways and games from 10am to 4pm, and there will also be treats on offer to sample, as well as an ice-cream bike.
15982	Parents, kids, even your grand parents.
15983	Parents whose children have been denied places at their preferred schools say they are being forced to consider home schooling due to over-subscription.
15984	Park and Ride means you either park on-airport or off-airport and board a transfer bus to get to the terminal.
15985	Parking is a massive problem in the town and this store would only make it worse and the poor people who live in the streets surrounding it will suffer massively with trucks negotiating the narrow roads.
15986	Parking is free of charge for all public car parks.
15987	Parking season discs are also dealt with separately.
15988	Park took the game away from Oswestry in the second period, adding to their advantage when Chris Sheppard side-stepped two opponents before sprinting clear.
15989	Parrots are known to be intelligent, but have you ever seen a parrot on a pushbike?
15990	Parr Rochdale is the towns' longest established Builders Merchant, and has been here for over 60 years.
15991	Parsnip-flavoured roots and edible parsley-flavoured leaves.
15992	Partake of a royal dining experience, at the Taj Usha Kiran Palace.
15993	Partially glazed wooden door to rear, dual aspect double glazed windows to side and rear.
15994	Partial replacement procedure is less invasive, allows for a faster recovery, carries less post-operative risks and provides better function.
15995	Participants are involved in every step of the production process and take a hands-on approach to farming to increase their confidence and provide them with new skills that they can use in the work place.
15996	Participants explored whether or not they were ‘super-tasters’.
15997	Participants scored most highly in the area of financial decision-making (82.0 on average) and financial language comprehension (77.9).
15998	Participants were welcomed on to the Leadership Development Programme with opening ceremonies taking place across the country.
15999	Participation in this elite programme will carry a commitment to work for the Government for at least three years before members start to see their financial support written down.
16000	Participatory development has failed at least once already.
16001	Particularly among larger firms where it is hard to sustain personal relationships with every client, employee engagement is vital in sustaining client satisfaction and future growth.
16002	Particularly important has been the Archive of Performances of Greek and Roman Drama, directed by Fiona Macintosh.
16003	Particularly, powerful has been TULA’s unique combination of their Try Before You Buy campaign (complete with its own custom one-click checkout page) coupled with an auto-renewal program run through ReCharge.
16004	Particularly worthwhile also is having some kind of artistic skill (like music) which is unrelated to your course.
16005	Particulate air pollution alone in the UK has been estimated to reduce the life expectancy of every person by an average of 7-8 months, with estimated equivalent health costs of up to £20 billion each year.
16006	Part i. Early Anglo-Saxon Coins and Continental Silver Coins of the North Sea, c.600-760, British Museum, 2013.
16007	Parties require a minimum of 3 participants.
16008	Partners in Leicester have taken a five-stage approach to improving discharge and avoiding unnecessary admissions.
16009	Part of the business transferred to Rothesay was written in the SE With-Profits Sub-Fund.
16010	Part of the Gingerman gastro pub group, the Ginger Fox's gardens, play area and secure bike parking made it an easy go too for Sussex families.
16011	Part of the global Grieg Seafood ASA, Norway, Grieg Seafood Hjaltland (GSH) is one of the UK’s largest farmed Atlantic salmon companies, and the largest in Shetland.
16012	Part of the privacy coins family, the newly launched cryptocurrency provides users with superior security to that of popular players like Bitcoin and Ethereum.
16013	Part of the problem is that with hypertension, the condition itself usually does not cause symptoms that remind you to take medications.
16014	Part of the problem with this Bill is the same as that with legal aid, which is that the burden is on the victim to prove it.
16015	Part of the Walking for Health Scheme, the Solihull Striders and Strollers is an opportunity to explore your local area and get fit.
16016	Part of this work is the installation of overhead electric power gantries through the Glasgow’s Queen Street Station tunnel so that standard electric trains can run along the whole line.
16017	Parts of Stockton are the most deprived in England (it's my home town so I can say that.
16018	Parts of the petting farm were open to the public, while other sections were closed off and separated from the public by barriers.
16019	Part Time Carer - Disability We are looking for is a couple of individuals who would be able to provide care from 7.30 – 9.30 & 15.30 – 17.30 every day during the school year with additional hours during school holidays.
16020	Part-time students include those studying part-time, on block release, during the evenings only, or full-time less than 24 weeks.
16021	Party agents for Aspire counted 5,000 votes at the five Whitechapel polling stations, but found another 1,000 votes ha turned up when the counting started at the ExCel centre.
16022	Party Conferences - We've been here before!
16023	Party Faces offers Face painting and glitter tattoos in and around Chester, Ellesmere Port, Runcorn, Helsby and Frosham.
16024	Party wall matters are between adjoining owners, but if your work affects a party wall or your neighbour's property or foundations you are advised to read the Party Wall explanatory booklet, from Communities and Local Government.
16025	PASLODE IM350 MAINTENANCE KITMaintenance Kit for Paslode IM350 frame nailer.
16026	Passages for comment in the examination will be drawn from the following texts, but candidates will also be expected to use knowledge drawn from the texts set for the epic module of the literature papers.
16027	Pass between the buildings of South Down Farm and immediately after passing the car parking area for the farm, turn left at a fingerpost“Public Footpath” (SX700385).
16028	PASSED on 25 Jul 2017Application for the submission of details to comply with the following condition of planning consent 162919(15/12/2016).
16029	Passenger revenue in CrossCountry is up by 8.8 percent in the first seven weeks of 2010, helping to offset the lowerfranchise support payments it will receive in 2010.
16030	Passengers may adjust gratuities while onboard at their discretion.
16031	Passengers vented their fury on social media after they were left…
16032	Passive Houses "were defined as buildings which have an extremely small heating energy demand even in the Central European climate and therefore need no active heating.
16033	“Passports aren’t something that will ever really be on screen,” Atkins says.
16034	Pass the Midland Hotel where Rolls first met Royce, on your way to an old station with a new use.
16035	Password needs to be at least 8 characters long and should be a combination of upper and lowercase characters, with at least one numerical value.
16036	Past beneficiaries include: Goodwill Southern California, Goodwill of the Olympics and Rainer Region, NextOp, RFEA – The Forces Employment Charity, and Walking With the Wounded.
16037	Paste your code into this box and click 'Apply' to add the discount to your booking details.
16038	Past magazines are almost completely inaccessible and current editions are printed by the thousand and posted out to alumni at great cost to the school and the environment!
16039	Past papers: Make sure you get hold of some past papers, they're a really good way of knowing what to expect in the exam.
16040	Past students have successfully undertaken internships at SAIC, VW and Jaguar Land Rover.
16041	Pat and Mo have been married for 8 years.
16042	Patches can be developed & deployed in as little as 6hrs.
16043	Pateley Bridge also took home the Social Media Bronze Award.
16044	Patient Online pages for more information including easy read leaflets.
16045	Patients enrolled in the programme are given a wearable device which records their health data and monitors seizures, building a complete record of a patient’s condition and seizure patterns.
16046	Patients who miss appointments at hospitals serving Brent are costing the cash-strapped NHS £9.5million a year, a investigation can reveal.
16047	Patio doors slide open and take you into the open-plan living area with space to cook, dine and relax in front of the fire.
16048	Patricia, from Newtownabbey, lost her hearing suddenly two years ago.
16049	Patrick Matthews, Morris, with a free, and Aaron Lynch were on target, with Tyrone's only reply coming from Hoy.
16050	Patrick O‘Brien, UK retail research director at GlobalData, said: “Regulators will be looking to see how many Asda stores are in close proximity to Sainsbury’s stores.
16051	Patrick Stewart (born 13 July 1940 in Mirfield, Yorkshire) is an English film, television and stage actor who has had a distinguished career on stage and screen.
16052	Patsy said: “Both Grace and I came up through the 80s and 90s.
16053	P attended a special residential school for the deaf until December 2015.
16054	Pattern can be a great choice to create drama, but in order to not overwhelm your guests you might want to restrict this to a feature wallpaper, curtains or chair covers.
16055	Patterson Medical high density foam seat wedges are ideal for car seats or off.
16056	Pattinson Road is again awash with litter as is the A1231 slip road from the roundabout—this slip road has not been litter picked since the middle of last year at which time it had not been done for over a year.”
16057	Pat White's and Mary Larkin's Cottages both host super king-size bedrooms which also offer luxury en-suite facilities, whilst Pat White's also contains a king-size bedroom for extra guests.
16058	Paul, a 24 year old university student, felt stigmatised and discriminated especially outside of his community and this is affecting him psychologically.
16059	Paul, a nine-time All-Star point guard, missed the final two games of the Western Conference finals after injuring his hamstring in the final minute of Houston's Game 5 win.
16060	Paul Atkinson, Durham Savers project lead, said: "We know the introduction of this scheme can stop people turning to high-cost lenders and it is great that staff at one of the region's biggest employers now have a simple, straightforward way to save."
16061	Paul is a qualified PE teacher (achieving QTS in 2012) with experience of both the primary and secondary sectors and joined the Active Education team in 2016.
16062	Paul joined the team in 2016, after 4 years in videogame design, including a stint with Sony in California, and 12 years as Tech Support for an internet provider in Birmingham.
16063	Paul Matthews (21-6), Ray Richards and Mike Estell (both 21-15) gave them three points but they currently prop up the table.
16064	PAUL McNeill was the match winner once again in a game between these two sides as he scored three minutes from the end of extra time to win the Ace Cup for Homers in a seven goal thriller.
16065	Paulo Radmilovic is one of Great Britain’s most successful Olympians.
16066	Paul Simey is our Mortgage Services Senior Consultant here at Barnard Marcus East Croydon, providing a professional service with access to a range of lenders.
16067	Paul Smith, Chief Executive Officer of haart, said: "We have been consulting widely with the public over recent months about the type of estate agent they would like to see, as well as the services they offer, not just now but also in the future.
16068	Paul Taylor, aged 59, of Middle Park Way in Havant, was caught in the act by cameras at Chichester building merchants, Covers, on 9 May 2016.
16069	Paul uses a specially formulated clay which is sculptured and fired three times in a kiln with the final firing being the raku possess that produces the unique finish.
16070	Payable to those receiving certain means tested benefits.
16071	Pay by single Direct DebitSee why paying by single Direct Debit is the simplest way to pay your bill.
16072	Payment agreements can be made to suit your arrangements.
16073	Payment can be made by Standing Order.
16074	Payments before 7:30pm will show on your statement the next working day.
16075	Payment should be made in advance and can be made by cheque made payable to "Newcastle City Council - Parking A/C" or by telephone to 0191 277 2737 for payment by credit or debit card.
16076	Payments in lieu of notice will not be recovered, as these are not payments for a loss of employment.
16077	Pay on a commission only basis.
16078	Payroll can be time consuming and complicated and can divert resources from the core activities of your business.
16079	Payroll software used will need to be capable of sending RTI submissions direct to HMRC so it will no longer be possible to operate a manual payroll system.
16080	Pay with PayPal.
16081	PCaW will be attending the Preventing Food Fraud Conference on February 22 to discuss whistleblowing arrangements with delegates.
16082	PC Harrison became aware of the incident and re-commenced enquiries into the burglary.
16083	PC Liam Parkes at Bangor Police Station said ‘Our commitment to rid our communities of those who possess and supply controlled drugs is our priority in line with ‘Operation Scorpion’ is directly targeting serious and organised crime.
16084	PC Simon Wolverson from the Tideswell, Litton, Baslow and Beeley Safer Neighbourhood Team said: “We’re urging dog owners to act responsibly and keep their dogs under control around farm animals; especially as lambing season is set to get underway.
16085	Peaceful accommodation by the sea with a private pier!
16086	Peaceful Yoga takes place in the Frame Yoga studio on York Way.
16087	Peak and off-peak times - Transport for LondonWe use cookies on the TfL website to make it easy to use.
16088	Peaked cap as issued to DLR operating staff.
16089	Peaking on April 22 and 23, the Lyrid meteor shower is created by debris from comet Thatcher, which takes about 415 years to orbit around the sun.
16090	Peanut butter on toast with banana slices.
16091	Pearls symbolise Elizabeth’s chastity and connect her to Cynthia, the Greek goddess of the Moon, who was a virgin and therefore seen as 'pure'.
16092	Pears can be eaten fresh or used in pies, puddings and preserves.
16093	Pear Tree Court on Portsmouth Road was opened by the Chairman of East Hampshire, Councillor Lynn Evans, and the local community enjoyed a host of entertainment as part of its opening celebrations.
16094	Peek at your passenger.
16095	Peel quince and cut into small wedges and poach in the remaining red wine.
16096	​Peering into the present: the Bank’s approach.
16097	Peer pressure is very good!
16098	Peers said it was “not clear” that the Commission had “taken full account of the potential impact of charging for regulation” both in terms of the financial impact on charities and how the public might view the move.
16099	Peer to Peer lending or P2P as it is more commonly known is a platform for businesses to borrow money from a collective group of unrelated individuals who bid on a reverse auction basis to win the chance to lend a portion of the funds required.
16100	PE is a very important part of our curriculum as is Personal, Health and Social Education (PHSE).
16101	Pemba will become the onshore base for the vessels that carry supplies, equipment and spare parts to the rigs drilling for hydrocarbons in the Rovuma Basin.
16102	Pembrokeshire County Council is committed to safeguarding the well being of children, young people and vulnerable adults in its care, within a culture that gives safeguarding the highest priority.
16103	Penalty Notices may also be issued when parents have taken their children out of school for holidays in term-time without the school's authorisation.
16104	Penguins and more than 30 permanent displays all showcasing the rich diversity of life under the waves.
16105	Penny Carpenter, chairman of the children’s services committee at Norfolk County Council, said: “We know with all health issues that early support and treatment is the most effective way of preventing problems from escalating and doing more harm.
16106	Pentagon is the name for Vauxhall in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.
16107	People aged 40+ who may have a history of street homelessness and who find it hard to sustain or obtain long term accommodation due to challenging behaviour, continued heavy drinking and/or chaotic way of life.
16108	People are always focused on building more shops, but we need to get people in the ones we’ve got first.
16109	People are an organisation’s most important asset, so HRM concerns all people and people-related issues.
16110	People are coming round to the fact that maybe, just maybe what the pro’s are using perhaps isn’t quite the right choice for them.
16111	“People are committing suicide because they can’t cope with it and there’s nowhere for them to turn.
16112	People are exploited in construction, farming and even working in other people’s homes.
16113	People began complaining on the council’s Facebook page of the ‘stinking’ caddies.
16114	People can become addicted and need more of the drug to feel good.
16115	People can just pop along and help us maintain the splendid stone edible beds.
16116	People didn’t even used to call me by my real name; they used to call me ‘the dancer’.
16117	People don’t tend to drink it as the only drink they have most of the time.
16118	"People go ‘hey, I really want to find out about New Zealand designers’."
16119	People had an idea: if you politically understood their class composition and where they were coming from, there were things you could foresee.
16120	"People have been really generous already.
16121	People have different views about work.
16122	People have to appreciate that a lot of people are allergic to dogs and some people have a fear of them and shopping centres are the only "safe place" for them to shop as dogs are usually not permitted.
16123	People in Brighton & Hove were revealed to be the most fond of the Hipster trend, showing that some cities do lean towards their assumed tastes.
16124	People just wanted to help each other and it was a privilege to be involved in this terrific event.
16125	People lie about sex for two basic reasons: to protect a partner’s feelings or to make our sex lives sound more interesting than they actually are.
16126	People like John, who I met in Portsmouth.
16127	“People living at high densities had been found to be happier than those living at low densities” – Mike Kiely, London Forum Open Meeting.
16128	People living with dementia will experience a range of challenges.
16129	People love it because the pecans have a whole different taste to other nuts.
16130	People, Places and Things transfers to the West End’s Wyndham’s Theatre from 15 March, again directed by Jeremy Herrin in a collaboration between Headlong and the NT.
16131	People said I would never manage it.
16132	“People said she may have had two pills and if they were the Green Heinekens I can see why as my friend only had one and he was in a right state afterwards.
16133	People said the index made them feel stigmatised.
16134	“People say Peter Law was an all right bloke but now we have his wife and his friend and they could be great but they have absolutely no power whatsoever.
16135	"People should know how dangerous it is."
16136	People should use what they need to use, within reason.
16137	People to send in colour ring sightings from starlings.
16138	People under the age of 18, as well as pregnant and nursing mothers should also refrain from using caffeine tablets, as should individuals who suffer from a known medical condition or who are on antidepressant drugs.
16139	People use us because we're fully insured up to £10 million.
16140	People visiting the Co-op store in the village can now admire a stunning painting of the rare bird, which has been painted on the side of its building by street artist ATM.
16141	“People want proper assurance that the council have robust plans in place to continue to operate, that there will be no financial implications for taxpayers and that any money paid in advance to Capita in forward payments is safe in ring fenced accounts.”
16142	People who are in possession of the “NÖ card” can even go for free.
16143	People who live with long term health conditions can be more vulnerable to mental health conditions.
16144	People who sell counterfeit goods don't pay taxes on what they sell and often sell at much lower prices.
16145	People with bulimia try to control their weight by severely restricting the amount of food they eat, then binge eating and purging the food from their body by making themselves sick or using laxatives.
16146	People with chronic fatigue syndrome ARE exhausted, claim researchers: Sufferers have 'less energy in their cells'
16147	People with darker skin may need a little more time in the sun, but must still make sure not to burn.
16148	People with different knowledge, skills and resources interested in making devolution matter in Greater Manchester are invited to take part in a research project to develop innovative responses to urban governance challenges in 21st century city-regions.
16149	People with dry eyes often have plenty of watery tears so adding eye drops may seem to not make sense but it’s actually a vital contribution to the oil content of the tears.'
16150	People with hearing impairments may not be aware of your vehicle approaching.
16151	People with hearing loss can often hear that other people are talking, but cannot make out what they are saying.
16152	People with the Belief that they are strong enough to fulfil their dreams.
16153	Pep Guardiola denies new contract is on the table from Manchester City: 'Sometimes there is bad information'
16154	Peppard Building Supplies has given £50 towards the Sonning Common clean-up which will go towards children’s gloves.
16155	Pepper has been invited to attend an official ceremony later in the year whereby the Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire will present the award.
16156	Pepper Homeloans is targeting buy to let investors with its limited edition five-year fixed rate of 2.98%.
16157	Perceval Road in Exeter EX4 consists predominantly of terraced houses.
16158	Perched astride a horse, long hair flying, – or, at least, his portrait – leads a quiet life these days on the Gallery wall.
16159	Perfect background reading for Key Stages 2 and 3, these books are packed with historical detail and provide children with incredible insight into the years they will be studying about during their history lessons.
16160	Perfect for cat lovers, this Cats in Waiting apron from Ulster Weavers is produced from 100% cotton with adjustable neck ties and features a roomy pocket on the front.
16161	Perfect for easy city-centre parking and ideal for ''lunch time'' treatments.
16162	Perfect for entertaining on a grand scale with SIX BEDROOMS (all ensuite) & superb open plan living, CINEMA room and indoor SWIMMING POOL complex.
16163	Perfect for statement days or elegant nights, the man-made point-toe silhouette is encrusted in glitter fading from premium gold to icy white.
16164	Perfect for those seeking a contemporary feel, the Warwick bedroom is a highly popular choice with many of our customers.
16165	Perfect for towing behind smaller vehicles when extra luggage space is needed, 750 kg gross weight.
16166	Perfect location for us and wonderful apartment.
16167	Perfect peace, stunning views, pool, hot tub, games room, 10 bedrooms, numerous baths, 3 lovely kitchens, dine together.
16168	Perfect position for a wonderful walk to the Barbican.
16169	Perfect Smile Studios offers a full guarantee on Veneers.
16170	Performance starts at 7.30 pm.
16171	Performer Sarah Hawkins has been with the company since she joined Vamos Young People’s Theatre as a teenager.
16172	Performers from Centre Stage Theatre Academy during rehearsals for Lullaby of Broadway.
16173	Perhaps it’s no more “empty networking”.
16174	Perhaps less well known was his passion for gardens, and his impact on the historical garden design.
16175	Perhaps most significantly, there are developing items such as the new EU Directive on the activities and supervision of Institutions for Occupational Retirement Provision (IORP Directive) which might not need to be implemented into UK law.
16176	Perhaps my noble friend will take up that offer.
16177	Perhaps photography products if you’re envious of their pictures.
16178	Perhaps the client requires a certain amount of coverage across top-level broad generics, regardless of the return.
16179	Perhaps the most memorable of the colours associated with the suffrage movement is the combination of purple, white and green.
16180	Perhaps the SNP will ditch the commission’s suggestion, but that won’t hide the retreat from radicalism.
16181	Perhaps the starkest example of the hypocrisy on display by those determined to “protect free speech” at Berkeley are the three attacks on a left-wing book shop, Revolution Books, that happened over the course of the two days of protests.
16182	Perhaps they’ll need to avoid certain manual tasks until the pain gets better.
16183	Perhaps this is why the oldest recorded rose growers in the country, Cants, are just outside Ipswich.
16184	Perhaps understandably, many parents want to help ease their children's financial burden, with 64% saying they're planning to or currently contribute to their child's studies.
16185	Perhaps ‘WAGGONER's crowning moment came whilst at Shoeburyness, location of the army's last surviving rail-mounted Howitzer (see the pages).
16186	Perhaps we're more restricted, juggling multiple projects with multiple clients (managers) at any one time?
16187	Perhaps what this shows is that the brand experience between manufacturer and retailer remains fundamentally disjointed.
16188	Perhaps you are in a flat or retail unit.
16189	Perhaps you have lost a family member due to the poisoning?
16190	Perhaps you have noticed already.
16191	Perhaps you would rather travel by rail than air.
16192	Period : expect disruption until 05:00 on 12/09/2018.
16193	Period : expect disruption until 19:00 on 1 June 2018.7.83 miles from Leeds.
16194	Period features in this room include a brick inglenook fireplace with a woodburner standing on a brick hearth.
16195	Period : from 20:04 on 12 March 2018 to 06:00 on 3 January 2020.7.8 miles from Balsall Heath.
16196	Period : from 22:00 on 25 May 2018 to 06:00 on 21 December 2018.4.96 miles from Dudley.
16197	Permission for the closure must have been withheld after printing of the timetable had begun.
16198	Permits are issued to premises that either offer very low-stakes and prizes gambling, or premises whose primary function is not the provision of gambling facilities.
16199	Persimmon Homes East Wales gave away £6,000 locally as part of this and nationally, Persimmon’s 30 businesses donated £180,000.
16200	Personal achievement: Do all young people benefit from a wide range of opportunities to achieve in school and out of school and how well do they achieve?
16201	Personal data of any other person (third party data) is exempt under section 40(2) if disclosure would breach of of the data protection principles.
16202	Personal data provided via the newsletter subscription form is not profiled and automated decision making is not applied.
16203	Personal information like your home address, what school you attend or private pictures of yourself or others should only be viewable by your real real-life friends.
16204	Personal Information that SPEN may collect from you and uses made of it.
16205	Personalise your 1st PU Zip Pocket Backpack - You can personalise 0 zone on this item.
16206	Personally, in the ten years, or so, when care has been twenty four hours, the most valuable thing has been the ability to take time out.
16207	“Personal taste should not influence your choice when it comes to decorating a rental property.
16208	Persons Reference Group - for care leavers aged 18+ to provide feedback on the support they received during and after leaving care, offering an opportunity to improve the service for others.
16209	Persons with mixed infections may provide the opportunity for virus recombination.
16210	Peruse any business directory, the web, or even the local telephone directory, and it will turn up a plethora of training providers.
16211	Pete emphasised that we are working closely with our partners to address this.
16212	Peter Davies has joined HSL as Director of HSL's Hazard Reduction Group.
16213	Peter Gay, Kenneth Bacon, Malcom Pow, Michael Bishop and Supriya Misra were involved in submitting at least 80 fraudulent applications to several high street lenders from January 2009 to September 2013.
16214	Peter Hall, 48, of Alton, Hampshire, and his partner Claire Hall, 42, have already been convicted of fraud for running similar sites, Teesside Crown Court heard.
16215	Peterhead manager Jim McInally has challenged his side to pile the pressure on Stirling Albion by beating them at Balmoor today.
16216	Peter is a visiting Professor at the University of Lancaster, a member of the Board of BPP University, and sits on the Advisory Board for the Open University Business School.
16217	Peter Lord – a film producer, director and co-founder of the Academy award-winning Aardman Animations studio, best known for Wallace and Gromit.
16218	Peter McCusker gauges the views of regional experts on the main parties’ pledges.
16219	Peter McNestry, of Coalfields Regeneration Trust, said: “Our partnership with Wakefield Council means that our loans will go hand in hand with the free, expert wrap-around business support offered via Wakefield Council.
16220	Peter Michael Fisher, who sexually abused eight teenagers between October 2016 and September 2017.
16221	Peter Reavill, of the British Museum’s Portable Antiquities Scheme, said: “We can’t say what it is exactly because we are trying to track down the potential true owners.
16222	Peter served with the Territorial Army (590 EOD – Bomb Disposal unit – part of The Royal Engineers) from 1978 to 1980.
16223	Peter Starbuck, the author, has studied Drucker in detail and written several publications about him, including a PHD thesis awarded by the Open University Business School - see the 'See also' panel below.
16224	Peter Swinburn was a director of Molson Coors Brewing Co. – listed on the New York and Toronto Stock Exchanges – and Cabela’s also listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
16225	Pet insurance is designed to protect you against the costs that might arise if things go wrong with your pets.
16226	Pet portrait commissions welcome.
16227	Pet portraits - acrylic or mixed media from photographs.
16228	Petrol Automatic with paddle shift and road tax of just £30 per year.
16229	Petrol fill up is deductible from your security deposit if needed.
16230	Petrol never converted to gas.
16231	PET scans are usually carried out on an outpatient basis.
16232	Pets Corner in Harlow Town Park has a farm-like environment and its small space makes it quite a friendly place for any visitor, child or adult alike.
16233	Peugeot has upgraded some of the materials used inside, adding some soft-touch plastics to the places you see and touch regularly.
16234	Peugeot Sport's Michelin Super Sports can be expensive though.
16235	PGCert and PGDip options are not available for applications to study part-time, given both modules one and two need to be completed in year one.
16236	Pharmacy technicians are not a registered healthcare profession in Northern Ireland.
16237	Phase 2 involved a review of industry evidence and a separate study of recent construction fatal accidents.
16238	Phenomenal resources have been committed to it.
16239	PHEs (2015) Identifying and responding to suicide clusters and contagion: A practice resource document provides detailed guidance on multi-agency response to suicide contagion.
16240	Phil and Avril moved to Shropshire in 2014 after spending over thirty years working hard and looking for that special secluded cottage in the country.
16241	Philanthropy promotion organisation Giving NI has appointed Sandara Kelso-Robb as its new chief executive.
16242	Phil Gibby, Area Director, South West, Arts Council England, said, “We are very pleased that Bristol 2015 will be celebrating local Bristol-based artist Richard Long with a large scale exhibition at Arnolfini.
16243	Phil Hammond is a doctor, journalist, broadcaster, campaigner and comedian.
16244	Philip was a founding director and shareholder of KFH in 1977 and is now retained as a consultant.
16245	Phil is one of many Brasenose students who take part in (entirely optional) Arts activities during their time in Oxford.
16246	Phil Jones - 5. Some good early season performances were soon forgotten when he reverted to his previous unreliable and injury-prone self.
16247	Phillius is a super 12 year-old boy.
16248	Phil Reynolds, General Manager at FIRA International said “Broadening the scope of testing solutions offered by FIRA-CMA brings wider benefits to UK retailers, importers and specifiers with business interests in the Far East.
16249	Phil's obituary in the Times recorded the pioneering work undertaken by Peter and Phil in the establishment of the WWT centre at Slimbridge and Phil's continuing involvement after Sir Peter's death in 1989 as Honorary Director.
16250	Phoenix Revolution, Rotherham Events - Rotherham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
16251	Phoenix Tooling and Development is a well established and privately owned precision press toolmaker.
16252	Phone fine, it's all broadband issues - the speeds are terrible ie 0.2 upload, 0.05 download.
16253	Photograph of the Red Star Line ocean liner SS Friesland under steam on the Clyde, 1889.
16254	Photographs and sound recordings have been shared with agencies and councillors yet still nobody will get a grip on the situation.
16255	Photography is thus not only a radically new form of representation that breaks significantly with earlier forms, but it also radically changes our epistemological, social, and economic relationships to both representation and each other.
16256	Photo: Keith Taylor, Green MEP for Surrey and the South East, with students from Esher College in the European Parliament, Brussels.
16257	Photos and DVDs may be available at this stage.
16258	Photos from Subzero's post We now have workshop facilities for our webasto and eberspacher heater repairs and servicing.
16259	PHS provides a floor re-colouring treatment which can create a unique, new design over your existing flooring, saving you money and reducing waste to landfill.
16260	Physical and psychological health is equally important, as indeed are the working environment and the job.
16261	Physically destroying your will usually revokes it.
16262	Physios need the time to transform services for ‘Devo Manc’
16263	Physios will assist patients in breathing independently, and help keep their chests clear of mucus to prevent lung infections.
16264	Piazza Open Air Cafe is a restaurant serving a variety of meals to be enjoyed by individuals and groups.
16265	Pick: Broncos 6, 125 units Jeremy: The Carolina Panthers and Denver Broncos square off in Super Bowl 50 in a matchup of quarterbacks on different ends.
16266	Picked door lock with professional auto locksmith tools (never any damage) and opened car door to retrieve car keys.
16267	Pickering is a fine example of a motte-and-bailey castle, first built in earth and timber by William the Conqueror in the years following the Norman Conquest.
16268	Picket K, Oliver J, Wilkinson R. (2006) Income inequality and the prevalence of mental illness: A preliminary international analysis.
16269	Picking up a new sport, starting to go to the gym, starting your own blog or writing short stories: finding something you are passionate about and love doing could be a great way to develop yourself during the summer.
16270	Pick up these study tips ASAP, and see the difference in your grades come the end of the year.
16271	Pick your Freedom partner and redeem your Freedom points for either e-vouchers via email, or vouchers and gift cards sent to you by post.
16272	PICS Main: Allow drop down lists to auto expand to fit much longer options.
16273	Picture captions, - left: Saeed Bariwala batting for Kendal, right: Ben Phillips, whose partnership with Bariwala managed a knock of 80.
16274	Picture charts - Charts and posters are stored rolled in cardboard tubes.
16275	Pictured are (from left) Bronwen Tyler, Richard Otterway and Katharine Wolstenholme.
16276	Piece of meadow ground near (1a.) situate in St. Brides, co.
16277	Pieces made from canvas, wood, glass or metal.
16278	Pigments are carefully blended with your skin tone to diminish the appearance of scars.
16279	Pigments work by selectively absorbing some colours from the white light.
16280	Piles of books and magazines are typical in a Scandi scheme, as are candles of course.
16281	Pine is highly toxic to cats, and if the pine needles are ingested, they can puncture a cat’s intestines.
16282	‘Pink Kitten’ video, which highlighted how much you miss if you glance at your phone while driving, reached an audience of about 21 million people in October 2017.
16283	Pioneered by and funded by The Esmée Fairbairn Foundation, Embedded places a selection of composers from a range of disciplines into extended relationships with leading national arts organisations.
16284	Pioneer of brake friction technology, LUMAG, has just launched its e-catalogue for its own brand of brake pads, BRECK.
16285	PIPCU is a specialist police unit dedicated to protecting the UK industries that produce legitimate, high quality, physical goods and online and digital content from intellectual property crime.
16286	Pippa was also on the first leg for her SYO team and ran well, although she said she made a few mistakes.
16287	PIR detectors can be purchased separately to convert an existing outdoor light to a security one.
16288	Pitches are £8 each or £10 with table hire, and 10 per cent of the profit will be donated to the Splash Park at the Leys campaign.
16289	Piz Buin starts at £8 at Asda, for 200ml.
16290	Pizza lovers will be getting there orders in while they can- with students also being particularly fond of the mid week savings to be made.
16291	Placed centrally between the eaves and beneath a window, this is the ideal spot for a tub.
16292	Place on a large baking tray and bake for 15 minutes or until light golden.
16293	Places are on a first come, first serve basis.
16294	Place some screwed pieces of paper (newspaper is fine) on the floor between two good-sized pieces of kindling (ensure it is dry!) placed lengthwise in the oven and light the paper with a match.
16295	Places zero or more copies of the job into the HTCondor queue.
16296	Place the remaining slices of bread, butter side outwards on top.
16297	Place three lasagne sheets on the sauce followed by a third of the mushroom mixture, another layer of white sauce and some crumbled cheese.
16298	Placing a ring box in my hands he grabbed my waist and hoisted me into the air declaring ‘We’re getting hitched baby!’
16299	Placing over £360,000 worth of work with external machining suppliers every year, this OEM from the pump & valve industry is keen to speak with Qimtek members about their current requirement.
16300	'Plan a dinner with a deadly and often hilarious twist,' says Andy.
16301	Planet Cook: cook book by Kevin Woodford DAISY audio book - Audiobooks - Reading and LearningThis site uses cookies to improve your experience.
16302	Plan how you are going to increase and target your social media activity and how you can make it easier for people to share information about your products and offers.
16303	Planners have now been advised to approve the application.
16304	Planning and organisational skills.
16305	Planning & Building Control Reception is situated on the ground floor of the Arun Civic Centre in Littlehampton.
16306	Planning for the 2017 Awards Evening will be a key part of the Agenda.
16307	Planning my weekend.
16308	Planning permission alone does not allow a right of way to be obstructed or moved in any way - this includes construction works, which must not interfere with a right of way or pose any risk to path users.
16309	Planning the perfect Christmas is the stumbling block.
16310	Planning your wedding day can be a lot of fun, but I know choosing your bridal hair and make-up artist is a hugely personal task.
16311	Planning your Wedding Day is one of the most exciting times of your life.
16312	Plans are already being made for Fairfield Halls’ first year back in action – and it is centre stage in the council’s 2019 London Borough of Culture bid.
16313	Plans for an extension beyond Aylesbury were never achieved.
16314	Planting the same number of plants again in mid-summer will provide a constant supply of cucumbers all summer.
16315	Plant Maintenance Ltd provides mechanical maintenance, repair, installation, plant relocation, welding and fabrication services to customers in the power, steel, cement, petro-chem and food manufacturing industries.
16316	Plant seeds, pollen and spores can accumulate on glaciers, so the team also looked for these on the glaciers' surface to test whether they could germinate any plants in the lab.
16317	Plants were more tolerant of storage in the colder winter of 1990-91 than in the preceding milder winter.
16318	Plastic spikes and netting fixed to suitable sites should deter gulls roosting and nesting.
16319	Plated in gold, these drop earrings make a statement with semi-precious stones.
16320	Platforms including Twitter, Gyfcat and Pornhub have also banned deepfakes.
16321	Platinum Members may also receive all the non-core services available to a Gold member, and search for, and view detailed 1911 census Records via the Genes Reunited Service.
16322	Play-dates, soft plays, parks, it can get a tad predictable, so if you want to do something a little different, consider visiting London Zoo.
16323	Players at Hibernian football club will be offered counselling sessions after the sudden death of 18-year-old squad member David Paul.
16324	Playful and provocative, features a conventional, suburban couple in unconventional circumstances.
16325	Play games and watch films around the fire, ski or go for invigorating walks, or simply enjoy a long lazy meal together.
16326	Playhouses have grown in popularity in recent years, and offer children an interesting and hugely enjoyable means to spend time outdoors, within a safe environment.
16327	Play was of an up and down nature for a considerable period, free-kicks for various infringements of the rules being frequent.
16328	Please access the links below for a number of publications which may assist you during the project.
16329	Please add your best-one Bristol review and help create a directory of recommended convenience stores in Bristol.
16330	Please allow sufficient time for the Council to consider your application.
16331	Please also note that access to the Park Way Primary School car park will only be available via the front entrance.
16332	Please always make sure your child leaves any games consoles and electronic items, including cameras, behind.
16333	Please and, if approved, we provide a no obligation quote.
16334	Please and we'll have a decision within the hour.
16335	Please ask one of our store colleagues for more info.
16336	Please ask to speak with the Head or Deputy Head of Service on +44 (0)117 328 6268.
16337	Please be advised that unit combinations and availability will differ depending on whether you choose to undertake a major/minor, equal or named route through your programme.
16338	Please be aware that this year’s subject matter is more complex, coupled with an increased pass rate of 70%.
16339	Please be aware this is a sale by tender property and the prospective purchaser will incur an introductory fee to Aston Fox.
16340	Please be prepared to leave your bike with us for work to be carried out, at which point we can discuss with you the costs involved.
16341	Please call before travelling and we will take the car off sale until you arrive.
16342	Please call us on or contact us using the form below & we'll get back to you.
16343	Please cease using this website if you do not agree with these terms.
16344	Please check terms and conditions for further information.
16345	Please check the tide times.
16346	Please check what is on offer in the programme and come along to meet like-minded people and discuss common interests.
16347	Please check with our reservations team at the time of booking to discuss your best regional flight options.
16348	Please check with the customer operations team for further details.
16349	Please check with your neighbours to make sure they have not taken the bin by mistake.
16350	Please click here to answer 6 questions about your experience with Trafford Home Search.
16351	Please click on an image below to learn more about our walks and how to get them.
16352	Please click on the below photographs for a short biography of your Representatives.
16353	Please click on the maps below to see how to get to Cambridge and how to get to Downing College.
16354	Please come along and take the opportunity to talk to Prof. Naldini!
16355	Please complete the following form to request immunisation appropriate to your travel plans together with advice on anti-malarial drugs.
16356	Please contact hr.
16357	Please contact Marshall Vauxhall - in Leicester, Ipswich, Knebworth or Peterborough.
16358	Please contact our Press Office or call 020 7391 9276 for assistance.
16359	Please contact the custodian on 01856 874894 with any other questions about the cathedral.
16360	Please contact the gallery to enquire about available artwork.
16361	Please contact the hall for more details.
16362	Please contact us and we will supply you with a digital version.
16363	Please contact Us for more details at david.
16364	Please contact us through the Parish Clerks' Office.
16365	Please contact us to discuss requirements, availability and price.
16366	Please contact us to discuss the requirements of your project.
16367	Please contact your local Mitsubishi dealership in the first instance.
16368	Please contact your Programme Lead for further information on the typical units of study offered for years two and three of this programme.
16369	Please discuss with the members' services unit.
16370	Please do and make sure you give us any feedback, anything you see that you like or that you don't like because we’re always developing and evolving.
16371	Please do at Filer Knapper for help.
16372	“Please do not bring this idea back again for the duration of this administration,” she told officers.
16373	Please do not let this biased reporting taint your view of such a hard working and morally upstanding athlete.
16374	Please do not make any changes to the job options.
16375	Please don't report your bin as being missed until after 4.30pm as our collection teams may still be working in your area.
16376	Please do place in plastic bags.
16377	Please do this only if you are the talk organiser, have the permission of the talk organiser, or are adding a talk to your personal list.
16378	Please double check before travelling to Yardley, near Birmingham that you have the correct information regarding your stay – especially postcodes for Sat Nav systems.
16379	Please download the attached poster and display this in your place of work, particularly if you work with children or vulnerable adults.
16380	Please email the NES Portal team with any queries you may have in relation to the NES Portal.
16381	Please ensure that you bring sufficient cash with you to the event.
16382	Please ensure that you have read and understood the guidance (document can be found below under downloads) before making an application.
16383	Please ensure you have adequate protective measures to protect yourself against loss or damage.
16384	Please ensure you have the appropriate holiday insurance to cover you and your party for the duration of your stay.
16385	Please enter your date of birth,click Here to know your birth place's longitude, zone: 5.30, (For India,) indicate day light saving time or not.
16386	Please feel free to get in-touch with us either by phone during normal office hours, or by email at your convenience.
16387	Please fill in the details below and our team will be in touch with you shortly.
16388	Please find enclosed service information for the Six Nations clash between Wales and Scotland on Saturday 3rd February 2018.
16389	Please give costs in GBP for the implementation of the safety assessment principle at each Nuclear Licenced site in the UK.
16390	Please have your Council Tax bill to hand, as well as your credit or debit card.
16391	Please help support the Cricket Club and raise much needed funds.
16392	Please include each school’s Unique Reference Number (URN), DFE code, or address/postcode to allow us to identify each relevant school without ambiguity.
16393	Please insist on ‘sensible’ shoes as many ‘fashion’ shoes are uncomfortable when worn for long periods and are liable to damage young feet and ankles.
16394	Please let me know by email if you would like to be added to the invitation list.
16395	Please let them know directly if there is anything they can do to improve your stay.
16396	Please login to access some fantastic new car discount offers.
16397	Please look at there individual websites for postage and packing costs, shipping policy and returns and refunds.
16398	Please make every effort to protect your property from the flood water.
16399	Please make sure you send us the full header and content of the relevant email(s) or message(s).
16400	Please message me on any of them:-
16401	Please note: applications must be submitted by 1pm to receive same day service.
16402	Please note a separate range is available in Northern Ireland.
16403	Please note - due to the MV Pentalina going on annual refit, there will be no sailings from Monday 8th January to Friday 19th January 2018 inclusive.
16404	Please note: During the annual Marathon in Spring, routes will be heavily affected as many roads are then closed and therefore stops cannot be guaranteed.
16405	Please note, for every IVA that is started with ClearStart as a referral from us, they will provide a donation to Family Lives.
16406	Please note for Red Bull Soapbox Race there is no on-site parking and we suggest using public transport.
16407	Please note, guest speakers may be subject to change.
16408	Please note: If you are looking for information on the Your Health, Your Future - Clinical Services Strategy Listening and Engagement exercise, which closed on 30 April 2012, please visit the webpage here.
16409	Please note: if you become eligible after the start of a funding period, you must wait until the following period to access your extended entitlement place.
16410	Please note, it is a strain on HEFCE’s resources to repeatedly apply temporary overrides each year.
16411	Please note: It is important that you repair your leak quickly to avoid any unnecessary costs and legal action.
16412	Please note, parking charges apply whether your group is self-led or led by paid leaders.
16413	Please note that, for hires in the United Kingdom, it may take up to 10 working days for the deposit monies to be available in your credit or debit card account depending on your bank or card provider.
16414	Please note that Garston's camp is full day attendance.
16415	Please note that if you follow one of these links you will leave our Website and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply.
16416	Please note that it could take up to 48 hours for your name server changes to propagate over the internet.
16417	Please note that it is a criminal offence to knowingly give information for the purposes of obtaining a selective licence that is false or misleading.
16418	Please note that pubs change so frequently that the guides, despite every care and frequent updating, may be wrong.
16419	Please note that some books, especially those in the Keynes collection, may be inaccessible at certain times.
16420	Please note that the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner cannot interfere in operational policing or demand that the Chief Constable changes how he uses his policing resources.
16421	Please note that this does not just apply to companies.
16422	Please note that this evidence will need to be presented on headed paper and need to be sent from the work email address of either of the educational supervisors to have signed the form.
16423	Please note that this service is part time and so support is to be allocated across the project lifetime.
16424	Please note that we collect and store certain limited information related to your visits and interactions with our site.
16425	Please note that your performance in the Cambridge Law Test will not be considered in isolation, but will be taken into account alongside the other elements of your application.
16426	Please note, the below consultations are now closed.
16427	Please note, the Electronic Prescription content does not support MS Edge at this time.
16428	Please note: The information provided by the website is for general guidance only.
16429	PLEASE NOTE: The menu below is a sample only.
16430	Please note, the mortgage rates used in this article are for illustrative purposes.
16431	Please note these terms and conditions are updated from time to time and terms relating to early termination will apply unless other terms and conditions (such as tariff terms or early upgrade terms) expressly take precedence.
16432	PLEASE NOTE: The Site, the Site Controller and the Platform Operator are not responsible for the content of third party or external websites.
16433	Please note, when it becomes available again EPP for gTLDs will be available in read only mode until 11:00am on Sunday 1 March 2015.
16434	Please note: you are unable to apply for a non-material amendment following approval for Listed Building Consent.
16435	Please note, you will need the council tax reference number to complete the application form, this can be found on the bill.
16436	Please notify me for more updates.
16437	Please park in the Abbey Fields Car Park when visiting us - charges apply.
16438	Please phone in advance to book.
16439	Please provide a copy of the original rail tickets, your name and your home address to help process applications.
16440	Please provide details of all your employment history, including any voluntary or unpaid work.
16441	Please read our Cane Corso breed buying advice page first, or try our useful Dog Breed Selector to find the perfect dog breed.
16442	Please read our Labrador Retriever breed buying advice page first, or try our useful Dog Breed Selector to find the perfect dog breed.
16443	Please read our safety advice.
16444	Please read our safety notes (below) and be aware of these dangers.
16445	Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services.
16446	Please see below for the prices of each test.
16447	Please see my website for full terms and conditions.
16448	Please see our Privacy Policy in order to understand how we do this and your rights in respect of the same.
16449	Please see our Privacy Policy in this regard.
16450	Please see section 16 below for details.
16451	Please select your desired brand, and then browse through the different Motability offers available in that range.
16452	Please sign in and out at the Porters’ Lodge at the beginning and end of each term. This applies to those on continuous licences too (see Room Licences below).
16453	Please speak to agent for details.
16454	Please take the time to look at the Conference Papers which are now policy and affect public and private workplaces.
16455	Please telephone 0300 555 1392 (Monday to Friday 9am to 4pm).
16456	Please telephone the Register Office for advice if you are not sure who should register the death.
16457	Please tell me I'm not the only person like this.
16458	Please tell me - was he a Royalist?
16459	Please treat the caravan, facilities and site with respect so other guests can continue to enjoy them.
16460	Please use the form to report an isolated or on-going incident, or to seek help and advice.
16461	Please use this page, and the Information for Current Students pages for information.
16462	Please visit our for more details.
16463	Please visit our Insight Programme website for further information https://www.
16464	Please visit our website to read more about us and to see our super handcrafted range.
16465	Please visit website for further information and online deals.
16466	Please wait for your application to be approved before requesting an invoice.
16467	Please wait until after 4pm as the crews may still be on their way to your property.
16468	Plenty of people who have tier 1 or tier 2 visas tell us that the UK visa application system is faster than any they have seen before.
16469	Plenty of room for my mother and I. We had the creature comforts of home on a smaller scale.
16470	Plockton, Eilean Donan's romantic castle (one of Scotland's most visited castles), Applecross and Torridon are all within driving distance.
16471	Plot 28 – ‘The Sherwood’, a 2 bed mid-terrace house with double bedrooms and a spacious kitchen/diner at Quebec Park, Bordon As you enter the hallway of The Sherwood, you’ll enter into the open-plan styled living space on the ground floor.
16472	Plus, a 24/7 claims line and your own dedicated claims manager from start to finish.
16473	Plus ebikes are great for those who just want to keep up with a more experienced rider in their group, after all, it's no fun leaving people behind!
16474	Plus extras include a ceiling fan, air-conditioning, a minibar, liquor dispenser and toiletries.
16475	Plus it's practical with clever kit, including variable mood lighting inside, while a vast circular touch-screen on the dashboard is the hub for the satnav and stereo.
16476	Plus it’s run on renewable energy, so is environmentally-friendly too.
16477	Plus maintenance is your landlord's problem.
16478	Plus, mapping things out will keep you from getting lost or stranded in the middle of nowhere.
16479	Plus, thanks to removable furry sleeves, they're wonderfully versatile.
16480	Plus, the back passengers also get a nice place to sit too, with a snug back seat that can carry two adults in relative comfort – provided they don’t mind getting to know each other a little better.
16481	Plus their luxury villa at Tromvik Lodge would have given incredible views of the sea, and maybe the Northern Lights.
16482	Plus, the leftovers came in handy for lunch time sandwiches.
16483	Plus, there's a children's play corner to keep the little ones entertained.
16484	Plus the winning masterpiece will also appear in the racecard.
16485	Plus, they have lots of deals and discounts, meaning that you won’t need to worry about running into your overdraft.
16486	Plus, we will help you gather all your information into a case file should you wish to escalate your Dotty Bingo complaint.
16487	Plus, we will help you gather all your information into a case file should you wish to escalate your Wilkinsons complaint.
16488	Pochettino and his staff and players will now relax for a short amount of time before a lot will head off to the World Cup.
16489	Pochettino feels his players are in a better place mentally than a week ago, when they were still recovering from their FA Cup semi-final defeat to Manchester United and waiting to face Watford.
16490	Pocket situated on waist allows for storage of small items.
16491	Pockets wise the ProStaff packs 7 in total into its spacious design, including apparel, ball, valubales accessories and even an insulated drinks pocket.
16492	Poetry was not a side-show at all.
16493	Point 1 - thanks and noted.
16494	Points cannot be earned or redeemed on the sale of gift vouchers or gift cards, or on purchases made from other businesses that operate from Gardiner Haskins.
16495	Points can only be spent on products listed on the Rewards menu.
16496	Points for Cathal McShane, Ryan McAleer and McNulty saw the home side stretch into a lead before a rasper of a goal from Tony Devine saw the Roe's finally put the pressure on the visitors.
16497	Polarised views are likely to be expressed.”
16498	Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw is supporting Lancashire Constabulary as they were given the dementia friendly status.
16499	Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping is pictured formally presenting a cheque for £25,000 to Hetty's, the Nottinghamshire Charity that supports the families and carers of people with dependency problems.
16500	Police are at the scene of the crash on the A141 at Westry.
16501	Police are investigating the death of one of Britain's youngest lottery jackpot winners.
16502	Police are reminding people to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, as they continue to promote their campaign in the lead up to Christmas.
16503	Police from Crewe have arrested three men on suspicion of dealing controlled drugs.
16504	Police guidance says that if an officer is not sure how to address you then they should ask you how you like to be addressed and treat you accordance with the gender (or predominant gender) you have stated.
16505	Police have begun investigating what happened.
16506	Police have vowed to attend all reports of domestic abuse within one hour as new figures reveal more than half of victims currently do not support a prosecution.
16507	"Police informed us that all the occupants of the vehicle had got themselves out.
16508	Police officers can intercept and stop a vehicle, speak to the occupants and, where necessary, make arrests.
16509	Police said next of kin had been informed.
16510	Police were called to Food World Convenience Store and Post Office on Chapelhill Road at around 6.45pm on Monday to a report of a robbery.
16511	Police were called to the incident at approximately 5.50am on Monday (May 14).
16512	Policies can be taken out on your life only, jointly with a partner or on another.
16513	Policing at football now is very much 'Intelligence led'.
16514	Policy Executive – Research and Knowledge Exchange Team.
16515	Policy Expert Home Insurance Cashback is available through TopCashback on genuine, tracked transactions completed immediately and wholly online.
16516	Policy: information will be reviewed 7 years after closure (date of last modification) and a decision will be made on whether it should be sent to the National Archives.
16517	Policy makers should consider what more can be done to ensure that homeownership doesn’t become the preserve of the wealthy for generations to come, she added.
16518	Polish music has probably never been better represented around the world, and yet sadly it is still true to say that most music-lovers would be hard pressed to name more than half a dozen Polish composers and almost certainly no one earlier than Chopin.
16519	Political parties to ensure commissioners can deploy alliance contracts as a genuine alternative to traditional contracts.
16520	Political parties were today given a detailed update on the actions being taken in response to the neurology patient recall announced by the Belfast Health and Social Care Trust.
16521	Political philosophy and the history of political thought since 1890 (also serves as Paper Pol. 6 of the Politics, Psychology, and Sociology Tripos).
16522	Politicians have decided that they don't need us any more.
16523	Poll: Auctions - are they viable for agents to 'opt in' to this way?
16524	Polls showed that anti-EU voters were very unlikely to trust academics, economists, celebrities, NGOs, charity heads, religious figures, editors and politicians, and were far more likely to trust friends, colleagues and even “the man in the street”.
16525	Polo Red Body Spray by Ralph Lauren is a fiery blend of spicy red saffron, fresh red grapefruit and deep redwood that ignites the thrill seeker in every man.
16526	Polyscape: A GIS mapping framework providing efficient and spatially explicit landscape-scale valuation of multiple ecosystem services.
16527	Pool Bar and Green Bar are open for hot and cold drinks, as well as a menu of cocktails.
16528	Pool Snack Bar serves a selection of drinks and a daily tapas menu.
16529	Poorer areas ‘face bigger cuts than rich ones’
16530	Poor Mr. Simms Bottoms died the other week.
16531	Pop provocateur Lady Gaga may be only 24 but she has already won a string of awards and can now add another feather to her many hats: a university course in her name.
16532	Pop ups aren’t a necessary feature on any website, adding them is a sure-fire way to annoy your users and increases the chances of the abandoning the site.
16533	Pork roasting joint sales were also down more in value than volume overall, as the result of lower average prices.
16534	Portable air conditioning range ideal for home or office, fixed air conditioning range include both heating and cooling modes.
16535	Portions were a decent size and presented in rustic style.
16536	Port is produced from grapes grown in the Douro region of Portugal.
16537	Portree has a diverse shipping clientele and is a popular destination for cruise liners.
16538	Portsmouth – Caen onboard experience - Brittany FerriesWe use cookies so that we can provide you with the best possible experience.
16539	Portsmouth will look to close the gap on the top two in London three south west by beating Old Tiffinians at Rugby Camp.
16540	Portugese Wine - Other White - The Sunday Times Wine Club(Unlimited customer?
16541	Positioned in the ever popular St. Mary's part of Colchester, this well presented apartment is within easy walking distance of the town cantre with it's many amenities, transport links and attractions.
16542	Position is very important in PLO (as it is in NLHE) and later position is better.
16543	Positions in Reed Elsevier, Wolseley, Compass and Capital & Counties all fell despite no company specific newsflow.
16544	Positive Power is a J.I.B. approved electrical company that has been specialising in Portable Appliance Testing since 1992.
16545	Possibility to talk about his progress is very good idea.
16546	Possible financial and emission savings.
16547	Possible outcomes of tribunals - Turn2us You are now leaving the Turn2us site.
16548	Possible professions include information systems manager, systems analyst/developer, or IT consultant.
16549	Possible Saxon stonework in the nave of Great Paxton Church: showing the piers and arches of the nave arcade.
16550	Possibly, since the MDM was not on the ballot paper in this province, MDM militants opted to mobilize for the PDD instead.
16551	Possibly visiting car parks 2 or 3 times.
16552	Post-Brexit, elitists started to express their disdain for democracy casually and frequently.
16553	Postcards of the kings of England from Richard II to Henry VIII, augmented by an attractive on-piece ‘favourite’ set of more modern Greek stamps.
16554	Posted by Jennifer Hunt at 00:00 Wednesday, 25 May 2016.
16555	Posted on 30 June 2016 "June saw us introducing a group of Principal Investigators working across the Life Sciences to the challenges, promises and pitfalls of introducing or increasing the bioinformatics capabilities of their teams.
16556	Postgraduate enrolments showed no percentage change between 2013/14 and 2014/15, full-time enrolments also showed no change over the same period (see and Chart 1).
16557	Postgraduate Research Methods (optional) This module enables you to explore theoretical and practical issues in relation to the research process, with specific emphasis on research in health and social care.
16558	Posting journals onto the system in an accurate and timely manner.
16559	Postmemory is distinguished from memory by generational distance, and from history by deep personal connection.
16560	Potted plants, soft furnishings, pictures and art can all lift the property.
16561	POTTERNE skipper Ashur Morrison insists his men must follow on from Saturday’s convincing win against Bridgwater when they face Bath this weekend if they are to challenge for the Premier One title.
16562	Pottery bowls and beakers were included, probably to ensure the dead had food and drink with them, together with cosmetic palettes for grinding eye paint.
16563	Poultry producers use a range of methods to ensure the safety of the eggs and meat that reach supermarkets, including vaccinating hens and practising good hygiene on farms.
16564	Pour in the stock, add the vegetables, tomatoes and bay, and season generously.
16565	Pour over all but 100ml of the ginger beer and, if necessary, top up with water so the gammon is just covered.
16566	Pour over chicken.
16567	Pour the mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a saucepan and set aside.
16568	Powered magnetic click-and-go window mount makes the camera easy to remove whe.
16569	Powerful 1200W TurboBoost induction motor turns the toughest of tasks into light work and inspired results.
16570	“Powerful speech from Margaret Willis promoting great socially responsible organisations delivering valuable social outcomes.”
16571	PowerTilt innovation brings the best out of both ingredients and your cooking.
16572	Power to Change will be better placed to make robust decisions about effective grant-making.
16573	Poynton Legion sprang an unlikely 4-1 defeat on high-flying Nags Head with Luke Williams’ brace and goals from Adam Rigby and Matt Smith.
16574	"PPI is an optional product, available from a range of different providers, and it is vital that customers understand precisely what their policy covers.
16575	P PINKARD - Barry And District NewsWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
16576	PQ, awww a glis glis hehe Hope he uses a humane trap for you!
16577	PQ glad the pain is improving.
16578	Practical, easy to install, safe and saving a considerable amount of space.
16579	Practically back to it's original colour and so much brighter!
16580	Practical on the ground floor unifies the space, while the wooden structure and panelling bring warmth and colour.
16581	Practical/Special effects will be a big part of pulling off the themes of the two places.
16582	Practice is vital in photographer and after a while you will find your own ways of what works best and how to take the images you need.
16583	Practise your Spanish by bartering with stall holders, as they offer you samples of cheese and cured hams.
16584	Practitioners control their own profile and can upload further information which highlights their clinical expertise, such as published papers.
16585	PR agencies equate to convenience, nothing more.
16586	Pre-book before 2pm on Wednesday 10th September and stay Thursday-Monday for £50, or Friday-Monday for £47.
16587	Predominantly this time was spent working on infrastructure, privatisation and outsourcing programmes.
16588	• Preference Cookies - At your request we may place a cookie to remember your preferences so that you do not need to re-enter your details (country/age and language preferences) on our gateway page.
16589	Preferred ethnic music, voices/chanting/harmony singing, natural instrument music and rare inSPIRITED recordings you normally would not hear on the radio.
16590	Prefer to have an electronic version?
16591	Pregnant women can be more susceptible to the infection because of the demands a pregnancy exacts on the body, which can sometimes leave mother and child more vulnerable to infection.
16592	Preheat the oven to 200 and bake for 10-15 minutes until the sauce is golden and bubbly!
16593	Preliminary results compiled and sent to client for verification whether adjustments have been made.
16594	Premises, vehicles or stalls used for selling, displaying or demonstrating sex articles (which may include R18-certificate videos and DVDs) or other things used in connection with sexual activity or acts of force or restraint associated with it.
16595	Premium and Platinum members may join in with these initiatives and gain the advantage of large scale promotion.
16596	Premiums payable monthly or yearly.
16597	Preowned Apple Watch serviced, cleaned and refurbished to perfection by our certified technicians.
16598	Prepare 3 bowls for coating, then dredge the eggs through each in turn.
16599	Prepare labels (G1, G2 and G3) for group work in advance and place them on tables before this activity.
16600	Prepare the dumper for site and road travel.
16601	Prepare the ground for the concrete pouring.
16602	Prep+Cook time A Kenwood recipe for a strong coffee flavour cake, perfect for breakfast.
16603	Pre-requisites: Studied at least 45 hours in the language (with similar amount of self-study) or be familiar with the content described in the Beginner class and Post-Beginner Class (term 1).
16604	Prescriptions and health costs: if you get income-based jobseeker’s allowance, you can get free prescriptions, dental treatment, sight tests, fares to hospital, wigs and fabric supports.
16605	Prescriptions for more market forces in the NHS are not a healthy development, writes Allyson Pollock.
16606	Present and/or exhibit your work expertly and professionally.
16607	Presentation skills are an important part of becoming a designer or artist so regular critiques are held in all classes.
16608	Presented by the Royal Shakespeare Company and directed by Simon Godwin, the bard’s script is slightly changed.
16609	Presented in a stylish Bettys box for easy gifting.
16610	Presented it at the ticket counter with my ID and they will give you access cards & it was all fun afterwards.
16611	Present Proof of Identity at the bank.
16612	President Armando Guebuza said on 3 August that corruption in the state or in the private sector “is like drinking or sucking your brother’s blood”.
16613	President Guebuza called on young Mozambicans to behave responsibly every day of their lives, and think of the future rather than living only for the present.
16614	President John McDougall said: “It is a game we can win and we have posted a strong side with attack in mind.
16615	President Li Ning wanted to set up a translational and clinical research platform and I was selected to be the Director of Research Centre for Biomedical Resources.
16616	President Trump said negotiations over a potential June 12 summit with Mr Kim that he had earlier cancelled are "going along very well".
16617	PressFit Bottom Bracket Press-fit bottom brackets have a number of advantages.
16618	Press the buttons on the base to cycle through each of the settings, increasing or decreasing the speed and pulsating patterns.
16619	Pressure from anti-piracy groups has led to the closure of several Kodi add-ons including Phoenix - one of the most popular sources which provided users with free access to TV shows, films and live Premier League football matches.
16620	"Prestatyn is where people from Gronant go to access health and dental care, as well as the library and high school.
16621	Preston was, from Saxon times, the principal port of the County and this oar was symbolic of the final expansion of the dock, now Preston Riversway.
16622	Previewing the animation at this point will show all the bones tumbling apart once the character hits the stairs.
16623	Previous experience of managing Company Secretary accountabilities and reporting into a wider international management team/function.
16624	Previously a WHO delegation travelled to Israel to evaluate the IDF unit when its 26-tent structure was assembled as part of a large-scale military exercise.
16625	Previously CCA Products, the reputation of Chemsplash is built on the consistent high level of quality of it’s products along with it’s technical expertise.
16626	Previous Next Use left or right buttons to navigate.
16627	Price: Available new via for less than £20.
16628	Priced to sell, open house 28th april, call for appointment, limited slots extended four bedroom two bathroom, semi detached house.
16629	Price includes us coming to you, registration onto the database and aftercare if needed.
16630	Price reductions attract bargain-hunters but they are disappointed when they find that the price saving would be swallowed up by the tax bill.
16631	Prices and discounts vary by park, date, duration and grade booked and Mill Rythe Holiday Village is the only park that offers adult exclusive breaks.
16632	Prices are average and a supportive service (because I believe I cried, and he just waited with me until I said I was ready for him to carry on.
16633	Prices are now 5.72 times the England and Wales average, in comparison to 3.34 times in 1996.
16634	Prices include heating, bed linen, electricity and towels (please bring your own towels for pool use).
16635	Prices range from £2.50 to £3.65 for a main course, and 85p to £1.00 for a dessert.
16636	Prices rises help Unilever unveil above-forecast sales.
16637	Prices start at just over £37,000 and range up to just under £50,000.
16638	Pricing will affect your profit margins, supply and marketing strategy.
16639	Prideaux Place is an Elizabethan manor house still lived in by the Prideaux family.
16640	PRIIPs Level 2 work, including detailed rules for transparency of costs and charges and for the disclosure of costs and charges.
16641	Primarily chair seating, with some benches.
16642	Primark currently have an array of colours and designs that won’t break the bank.
16643	Primary Education teachers are required to deliver the full Primary Curriculum across the entire age range.
16644	PrimeLocation is one of the UK's leading property websites, helping house-hunters in the middle and upper tiers of the market explore and find their dream home from the top estate agents, letting agents and property developers.
16645	Prime Minister David Cameron would like to reform the EU and renegotiate the UK's relationship with it, before holding an in/out referendum in 2017 if a Conservative government is elected in May 2015.
16646	Prime Paws is an online dog shop selling everything from dog bed and bowls to toys and treats.
16647	Prim music teacher Erin Young is fed up with sharing a bedroom wall with her playboy neighbor Mick Armitage.
16648	Princess Patricia, the granddaughter of Queen Victoria, was one of the most eligible women in Europe, but unlike her fellow princesses she chose to marry for love rather than accept a match with a foreign royal.
16649	Principal Marianna Brand said: “We focus on each individual child so that they can achieve their potential and that all their strengths are identified and valued.
16650	Print finishing can involve physical work, such as lifting large picture frames or rolls of laminate.
16651	Prints are generally available in three configurations; unmounted, for DIY or professional mounting and framing; fully mounted for DIY or professional framing; fully mounted, framed and ready to hang.
16652	Prior to 1845, the funding and administration of poor relief in Scotland was shared by the kirk sessions (church authorities) and heritors (landowners) in each parish.
16653	Prior to 2011/12 low-participation neighbourhood data was based on the POLAR2 method and prior to 2006/07 the Super Profiles method.
16654	Prior to 6 April 2017, the turnover threshold for the scheme was set at the VAT registration limit, £83,000 for 2016-17.
16655	Prior to coming to Lucy as an affiliated student, Dorothy graduated as BSc and MSc at London University and gained a PGCE from the same University.
16656	Prior to completing the form both the Potential Employee and Employer must have discussed the proposed application with a recognised DurhamWorks Advisor.
16657	Prior to her recruitment career, Afsheen graduated from University with a BA honours in Business and Marketing.
16658	Prior to his legal career, Jordan was heavily involved in kickboxing and reached a ranking of 6th in Britain.
16659	Prior to ISO14046, there were no international standards relating to water usage.
16660	“Prior to its introduction, cashless payments were not an option for most charities.
16661	Prior to joining River & Mercantile, Hanbury worked at Schroder Investment Management as a UK research analyst, before joining Investec Asset Management where he was responsible for UK Smaller and UK aggressive / unconstrained portfolios.
16662	Prior to joining Ulster University in 2008, Gráinne worked as a researcher in a range of civil society organisations including Democratic Dialogue (Northern Ireland’s first policy think tank) and the Community Foundation for Northern Ireland.
16663	Prior to joining UWE, he worked as a Lecturer in Management at Dublin City University Business School in Republic of Ireland and as a Research Assistant for the University of Hong Kong and University of Exeter.
16664	Prior to Newcomen a number of small steam engines of various sorts had been built, but most were essentially novelties.
16665	Prior to requesting finance, we offer an in-depth cash flow and forecast service to help understand the financing need.
16666	Prior to that, we will send a text message to your mobile to let you know when the outstanding charges will be debited.
16667	Prior to this, Richard spent 14 years in a number of senior finance roles at Tesco plc, including Finance Director for UK operations and Finance Director, Asia.
16668	Prior to working for FCSA, Julia was CEO at a variety of non-profit organisations where she relished supporting members, lobbying and campaigning.
16669	Private 41195 Louis Horace Thomas William KING, MM Forgot your username?
16670	Private and business matters.
16671	Private cremation at his own request.
16672	Private drive & garage. uPVC double-glazing & gas central heating.
16673	Private Hire & Chauffeur Service covering all of the Cotswolds.
16674	Private psychotherapists often work from home.
16675	Private sector registrations in June - August 2015 increased by 12% (30,210), compared with the same period last year (27,072).
16676	Priya Tanna, Editor of Vogue India, commented "Mario Testino is to fashion what Milan is to fashion weeks - simply indispensable.
16677	PRNs (packaging recovery Notes) are the evidence required by producers of packaging waste to comply with the Producer Responsibility (Packaging Waste) Regulations 2005 in the UK.
16678	Proactive, self-motivated, results focused Ability to perform with continuous attention to detail Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial.
16679	Proactive tax planning throughout the year will save you more on taxes when it’s tax time.
16680	Probable extent of Medieval settlement in Barton on the Heath as indicated on the Ordnance Survey map of 1886.
16681	Probably the Stephen Kelke who was buried in the centre of the sixth bay of the Choir in the Chapel of S. Mary with his wives Katherine and Joan.
16682	Probate was granted to Stanley Walters, solicitor.
16683	Problem solving is an essential skill for most jobs, but the phrase on its own is not specific enough to warrant inclusion in your CV, and it will leave recruiters with lots of questions.
16684	Problems paying your mortgage Browser does not support script.
16685	Problems with disrepairThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience.
16686	Proceed down Duke St, cross the river Culm and Speed Meadows is on the left.
16687	Proceedings of the 12th Meeting of the European Society for Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery, Milan 1996.
16688	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 109(19), pp. 7241-7244.
16689	Processes are carefully assessed using both classic and contemporary literature and students apply their understanding in the active collation of case studies.
16690	Pro Cleaners Blackheath Park - Business Reviews - Shopping & Business - Lewisham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
16691	Procurement; are you tender ready?; demystify the PQQ and ITT processes; how do you build/work with a consortia to win contracts?
16692	Produce a range of high-quality labels, fast including those for food and beverage products, packaging and boxes, as well as EU Energy Labels and GHS Labels.
16693	Produces alkaline water which may help eczema sufferers and those with chlorine intolerance and allergies and reduces fluoride.
16694	Producing and supplying a wide range of music in a number of formats, optionally combining Flash animation for Web sites.
16695	Producing online content.
16696	Product development is one of FGS Organic’s strengths, whether it’s developing alternative markets for products or creating bespoke recycling solutions.
16697	Product Info : Costumes & Fancy Dress : French Maid Package (Plus Size - Bijou Boutique) : IWantToGoAs.
16698	Production costs are included in the day, so you can go back and collect your finished pot when it’s dry.
16699	Production honeypots are less risky, but still introduce some risk to an organisation, depending on their level of complexity.
16700	Product overview Detox your hair as well as yourself!
16701	Product : Price is higher than I expected even what gouvernment changes.
16702	Products and services: self managing landlords advice.
16703	Products facing a risk of high or extreme trade policy barriers are predominantly concentrated in high-skilled and technologically advanced manufactured products including transportation equipment and machinery.
16704	Products given a makeover and a fresh design include the LG Twin wash which allows you to do two loads of washing at once.
16705	Products tagged with 'Chefs Accessories'
16706	Professional company-branded documents help you stand out from the competition and gain marks with the evaluators.
16707	Professional Edition starts at US$ 1495 and Enterprise Edition starts at US$ 2995.
16708	Professional, friendly, talented Clarinet & Piano Duo - Musically Yours.
16709	Professionally made car stands originally for a Vauxhall Nova Rally car but might suit other vehicles.
16710	Professionally validated sites can receive up to 5% higher rankings in search results!
16711	Professionals think that caring for parents with mental illness is wholly negative and damaging for children but some young carers felt that caring had positive aspects.
16712	Professionals will make sure that you work to regulation and it doesn’t come back to haunt you later once the tenants have moved in.
16713	Professor Brockliss is also involved in two collaborative research projects.
16714	Professor Ciro Rosolem, an agronomist from Sao Paulo State University, said: “Nitrogen fertilizer application is a significant contributor to global greenhouse gas emissions.
16715	Professor Clayton is also a dancer, and has integrated her love of tango with science by becoming the first ever Scientist in Residence of the prestigious dance company Rambert, a position she has held since May 2011.
16716	Professor Edward Dommen (1957)' (World Council of Churches, 2014) which rethinks the foundational elements of economics, taking a critical look at the basic assumptions about economic life.
16717	“Professor Hamilton is right to highlight the problem of the cap on tuition fees.
16718	Professor Hawley added: "In his iconic status as a leading international photographer and artist, and in his warm approach to public engagement with his work he represents a fitting role model to staff and students within the Manchester School of Art."
16719	Professor Jonathan Benger, National Clinical Director for Urgent and Emergency Care at NHS England, said: “I am delighted this flagship digital transformation programme has been extended to ambulance trusts which are on the frontline of NHS care.
16720	Professor Karen Leeder has worked with individual poets, translators, musicians and artists to explore modern German poetry.
16721	Professor Paul Beer has received an honorary Professor Dame Carol Doctorate from the University of Murcia, Spain.
16722	Professor Petts has been Vice-Chancellor of the University of Westminster since 1 August 2007.
16723	Professor Sir Thornicroft said: “The award of this Queen’s Birthday Honour is in recognition of work dedicated to improving mental health.
16724	Prof Ian Gilmore is Head of Science at NPL and founder of the National Centre of Excellence in Mass Spectrometry Imaging (NiCE-MSI) at NPL, where he innovated the revolutionary 3D OrbiSIMS instrument.
16725	Profile: Barney Norris - ‘Plays open a world of fun’
16726	Programmed transponder chip with remote control.
16727	Programmes are also available for parents of teenagers, addressing parenting in the context of teenage issues such as drugs, alcohol and sex.
16728	Programmes currently take place in Olympia, Avoniel, Grove and Andersonstown Leisure Centres.
16729	Progress 8 indicators capture the progress a pupil makes from the end of primary school to the end of secondary school.
16730	Progress Slips - Reading, Spelling Record Books - Exercise Books - The Consortium Educationhttps://www.
16731	Project funded by the Independent Schools Victoria (Australia).
16732	Project governance and benefits realisation are intrinsic to the approach.
16733	Project implementation is by a collective of seasoned researchers with a track record of extensive research and publication on the country.
16734	Project Roman is the opportunity to purchase a high end restaurant based in Lancashire.
16735	Projects carried out through the framework are likely to include large bypass schemes, town centre redevelopments, highway structural improvements, carriageway resurfacing, and drainage improvements.
16736	Projects include: St Johns Playgroup, The Chill Out Zone, and Dene Magna School.
16737	Prominent student accommodation provider, Kexgill, abseiled 165ft from The Transporter Bridge, Middlesbrough to help raise money for Family Fund.
16738	Promoted last year as Division Two runners-up, Cleobury’s campaign is scheduled to begin at home to Abergavenny this Saturday, although the weather has put that game in doubt.
16739	Promoted to Sales and Marketing Executive in 2013, she now takes quotes and orders, manages the businesses social media and designs product brochures for the company using Adobe Photoshop and InDesign which are then uploaded to their website.
16740	Promoter may modify any entry content to fit in context with the relevant usage, whilst maintaining its original sentiment.
16741	Promotional extras such as window stickers, approval magnets and ID cards for H002-trained instore retail advisors are available also.
16742	Prompt and helpful customer service.
16743	Prompt delivery within 2 days and my builder said it was easy to install.
16744	Proofs must be returned (by email) within 48 hours of receipt.
16745	Propelled by single-bladed paddles, they are best used on quiet water.
16746	Properties For Sale near Farringdon Station - Flats & Houses For Sale near Farringdon Station - Rightmove It appears that Javascript is disabled on your browser.
16747	Properties left empty by full-time students.
16748	Properties on Alverstone Road typically have values around under £100,000, ranging upwards of £100,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16749	Properties on Arena Drive typically have values around £300,000 - £400,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £400,000.
16750	Properties on Binbrook Court typically have values around £300,000 - £400,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £400,000.
16751	Properties on Bridge Street typically have values around £550,000 - £750,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £750,000.
16752	Properties on Bridlington Road typically have values around £200,000 - £300,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £300,000.
16753	Properties on Brook Lane typically have values around £150,000 - £200,000, ranging upwards of £200,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16754	Properties on Chesholme Road typically have values around £150,000 - £200,000, ranging upwards of £200,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16755	Properties on Cleveland Way typically have values around £100,000 - £150,000, ranging upwards of £150,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16756	Properties on Cromford Close typically have values around £250,000 - £300,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £300,000.
16757	Properties on East Close typically have values around under £100,000, ranging upwards of £100,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16758	Properties on Elbridge Cottages typically have values around £200,000 - £300,000, ranging upwards of £300,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16759	Properties on Gavel Street typically have values around £300,000 - £400,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £400,000.
16760	Properties on Gosling Drove typically have values around £150,000 - £200,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £200,000.
16761	Properties on Lampton Grove typically have values around under £100,000, ranging upwards of £100,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16762	Properties on Otago Cottages typically have values around £100,000 - £150,000, with larger terraced houses and townhouses valued at around £150,000.
16763	Properties on Priory Road typically have values around £200,000 - £300,000, with larger terraced houses and townhouses valued at around £300,000.
16764	Properties on St Georges Avenue typically have values around £200,000 - £300,000, ranging up to around £300,000 for top end flats.
16765	Properties on Stonor Place typically have values around £300,000 - £400,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £400,000.
16766	Properties on Wells Street typically have values around under £100,000, ranging upwards of £100,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
16767	Properties owned by either Housing Associations, registered charities or voluntary organisations and you require and receive support in your home which is more than minimal.
16768	"Properties to bring out the old romantic in you."
16769	Property comes furnishedDeposit / Bond is £900.00Minimum tenancy is 6 MonthsMaximum number of tenants is 1More details available upon enquiry.
16770	Property consultancy Myddelton & Major has successfully negotiated the letting of 14 Ashlands, Fo.
16771	Property descriptions and related information displayed on this page, with the exclusion of Running Costs data, are marketing materials provided by Mark Devitt, and do not constitute property particulars.
16772	Property for Sale North Scotland Houses for Sale in Inverness Forres Buckie Dwelling house development consisting of 2 new executive 3 bedroom homes.
16773	Property insurance protects your business assets against accidental damage or losses due to theft.
16774	Property maintenance and renovation specialists from the smallest of jobs to full property revamps covering all trades with 24hr call out service available.
16775	Property, money or possessions that belonged to the deceased.
16776	Property offers a communal garden to rear of property and a 14'02'' Lounge.
16777	Property Services Holding (PSH) Group - comprising Leaders and Romans - has continued its major expansion in 2016 with two further acquisitions last month.
16778	Property Video and virtual 360 tours.
16779	Prosecuting at Grimsby Crown Court, Jeremy Evans told how police searched his property and found a computer which had all the indecent images on it.
16780	Prospective students with queries about fees should contact the Enquiry Centre.
16781	Prospects event to help Londoners struggling with in-work poverty - Education, employment and skills in the UK and internationally.
16782	Prospects walk past on a hot and sunny day and wish to quench their thirst with a cold beverage.
16783	Prostate tumours rely on male hormones called androgens to grow and spread, and blocking androgen receptors can be an effective treatment.
16784	"Protecting our valuable creative industries, which have already suffered significant losses as a result of people sharing digital content without paying for it, is at the heart of these measures.
16785	Protecting the public: Your next move - HSG151This website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience.
16786	Protection from disputes involving inherited property and possessions.
16787	Protection of academic freedom is not removed from anyone by these proposals.
16788	Protective monitoring approach Monitoring of logs for unexpected packets, or usage.
16789	Proteomic data tend to exhibit improved prediction of drug sensitivity as compared with genomic and transcriptomic profiles.
16790	Protestors had argued that the theatre, the only major Art Deco building left in the city, should be restored.
16791	Protocols like FTP operate under the assumption that hosts on the internet communicate directly with one another without an intervening node changing IP addresses or port numbers.
16792	Proud to serve locally sourced food and Sussex ales.
16793	Prove me, my gracious sovereign.
16794	Provenance: By repute, acquired in 1924 direct from the Chalford workshops by Paul S. Cadbury, thence by descent.
16795	Provenance: purchased at Blair Castle Auction 2012 by a relative of the present owner.
16796	Proven interpersonal skills – experience in the successful management of confrontational situations is essential.
16797	Pro-Vice-Chancellor Professor John Rallison was presiding, with the Registrary’s Deputy, the Junior Proctor, one Pro-Proctor, and seven other persons present.
16798	Provide accessible recreational woodlands on the doorstep of urban neighbourhoods.
16799	• Provide an independent assessment of the progress made by management in implementing actions agreed to manage risk issues and control weaknesses reported in external and internal audit reports.
16800	Provide constructive and practical recommendations to strengthen systems and address identified risks.
16801	Provide CPS with the information listed in paragraph 4.2, if the defendant is brought before the Court with an application to remand in custody.
16802	Provide details of your marketing activity which is targeted to attract your identified audience/s.
16803	Provided nutritional services to 812 children.
16804	ˆprovided the treatment is eligible and covered on your plan.
16805	Provided you give about three weeks’ notice of your move, we can open accounts in 45 countries.
16806	Provides an intense, smoked finish with duochrome pearl.
16807	Provides practical and emotional support to prisoners and to their children and families.
16808	Providing a blank canvas for children’s imaginations, these simple designs are super customisable.
16809	'Providing access to knowledge is the Library's business and this book is yet another way for us to spread the word about our world-class collections, while highlighting the distinctive "Scottishness" of our holdings.'
16810	Providing a cost effective Design and Project Management service for hard landscaping and planting.
16811	Providing a full range off ladies and gents hairstyling by fully qualified and experienced stylists.
16812	Providing a unique and popular service the company specialise in the thermal imaging of homes across the Newcastle Upon Tyne area to identify energy loss, moisture ingress, heat loss and leak detection.
16813	Providing safe, high-quality, compassionate care is important to the people in charge of the practice.
16814	Providing that precious one to one support for children who need some extra help with their reading and putting books into the hands of children who might not otherwise have them.
16815	Providing that the member is over age 50 at the point they reach 20 years service.
16816	Providing the contact details of the Planning Policy team.
16817	Providing you have access to KML format map boundary files, it is possible to create your own quick and easy choropleth maps in Excel.
16818	Providing you with the very highest standards in ground maintenance and clearance.
16819	Provision of an officer's recommendation within 5 weeks of validation.
16820	Provision of publicity for non-Council operated tourist attractions – A Member referred to the strong tourism offer in Medway and suggested that the Council include the promotion of non-Council operated tourist attractions in its publicity campaigns.
16821	Provision to this effect would be made in the Finance Bill in 2015.
16822	Pruning works can also be controlled by a condition.
16823	PS5 release date and Nintendo Switch to be upstaged by NEW Sony PlayStation hardware?
16824	P.S. A shout out and thanks to whoever sent 50 brown paper bags to my flat earlier this week in unmarked packaging… very thoughtful, if not a little odd.
16825	PS Facilities Management is the first social business set up by GEL in 2011.
16826	Psychiatric damage (minor) Amount awarded decided by ability to work, relationships, coping with daily life, etc. Often applies in sexual assault/abuse claims.
16827	Psychodynamic models of personality disorders.
16828	Psychology will help you to understand yourself and others in many ways.
16829	Psychosexual therapy provides an outlet for people to talk about their issues with a trusted and supportive therapist who specialises in resolving all kinds of sexual problems.
16830	Ptolemy's Geography, a second century AD book detailing the prominent locations across portions of the Roman Empire, stated the fort was situated in the land of the Brigantes tribe.
16831	Publication of Annual Accounts to 31 March 2017 - Corporate publications - Publications and resources - NES This website places cookies on your device to help us improve our service to you.
16832	Publications Committee - we have vacancies for two new members, who should preferably not be working in Higher Education.
16833	Public Authorities are required to adopt and maintain a setting out the classes of information it holds, the manner in which it intends to publish the information, and whether a charge will be made for the information.
16834	Public Concern at Work welcomes the report Protecting sources and whistleblowers in a digital age’ which calls for a wholesale review of whistleblower protection in the UK.
16835	Public demonstrations forced the Tolpuddle Martyrs to be pardoned and established the right to belong to a trade union over 170 years ago.
16836	Public figures continued to show their support and strength in the face of terrorism on social media throughout the night.
16837	Public health priorities in a major city – can sustainable travel contribute?
16838	Publicis Groupe has launched an incubator to test the types of services its artificial-intelligence platform, Marcel, will offer brands.
16839	Public liability insurance is similar to employer’s liability insurance, but it covers compensation claims made by third parties rather than compensation claims made by your employees.
16840	Public libraries tend to cater for the individual.
16841	Public mental health and well-being: the local perspective.
16842	Public transport information web sites: How to get it right - A best practice guide.
16843	Public 'trusts employee-owned businesses more'
16844	Published by The Watershed, ‘Art in Mind’ is a book written by Jerram that tracks much of his perceptual research.
16845	Published: Friday, 25 June 2010Swindon’s two new Conservative MP’s Robert Buckland (South Swindon) and Justin Tomlinson (North Swindon) visited Basepoint to Present awards to the students from Aspire Tuition.
16846	Published in the 1840s, Mayhew’s book London Labour and the London Poor, is a collection of essays about working life, tracking in great detail the precarious and unsteady lives of the Victorian workforce.
16847	Published on 10 Jan 2017Drummers with the City of Inverness Youth Pipe band (CIYPB) were delighted this week to receive new hard cases for their drums, thanks to funding received from the Inverness Common Good Fund.
16848	Published on 10th May 2018TREVOR ROBERTS Passed away peacefully on 25th April 2018, TREVOR aged 81 years.
16849	Published on 17th May 2018TUCK Jackie Died on 6 May 2018 after a short illness aged 72 years.
16850	Published on 18th May 2018TAYLOR William Charles (Bill) Sadly passed away suddenly on 24th April 2018, aged 83 years.
16851	Published on 23rd May 2018DENHOLM Sir Ian Died peacefully on 15th May 2018, aged 91. Much loved husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather.
16852	Published on 24 March 2017Plant your new potatoes now and you’ll give yourself the best chance of an early harvest.
16853	Published on 28th February 2018HIGGINS JAMES (JIM).
16854	Published on 7 Apr 2014People interested in the folk tales of the Strathpeffer and Gairloch areas are being invited to get involved in an innovative story map project running in local museums.
16855	Published on 7th August 2014 CROMPTON/HORVAT Married on July 27th, 2014 at the JW Marriott, Las Vegas, Nevada, Stephanie…
16856	Published on Monday, 6th November 2017The car park at County Hall will once again provide a Park and Ride service to take visitors to and from the popular Victorian Christmas Fayre this year.
16857	Pubs like The Old Bank of England, in Fleet Street, with its imposing beauty and opulent interior equalled only by stunning history and heritage.
16858	PULSE is one of the United States’ leading ATM/debit networks, currently serving more than 4,200 banks, credit unions and savings institutions across the country.
16859	Punishing the puppy for its indoor accidents (which can make it scared of toileting in front of you - even outside).
16860	Pun-tastic, tongue-in-cheek adverts tend to work well - even if people absolutely abhor them.
16861	Pupils appreciate the wide range of extra-curricular activities you provide, at all times throughout the year, because they enhance their learning.
16862	Pupils are very keen to get involved with experiments and we don’t let them down.
16863	Pupils at a Calderdale school were delighted to receive a Christmas message from Ant and Dec.
16864	Pupils at Bell Farm and Rydens Enterprise School, the secondary nextdoor, typically walk across Coronation Recreation Ground to get to school.
16865	Pupils can handle prehistoric objects from the Stone Age, Bronze Age and Iron Age and discuss what life was like in each period and identify some of the key developments.
16866	Pupils from St Helens Council’s Tuition Service have been showing off their arty side after producing artwork to help brighten up Hope House.
16867	Pupils from the school put on a special opening ceremony called 'Watch this Space', using music, video and presentations to demonstrate the positive impact of the new pavilion's flexible spaces on their learning.
16868	Pupils from years one and two at Kimbolton Prep Schoo held Royal wedding celebrations.
16869	Puppies need to be more frequently too and this should be 4 times a day and at regular intervals right up to when they are around 18 weeks old.
16870	Puppies should have had their first vaccinations and have been kept indoors for the veterinary recommended period prior to attending the club.
16871	Purchase borehole records of your choice.
16872	Purchase them for a splendid discounted price from this online store.
16873	Purchase these efficient leaf blowers, lawnmowers and a lot more from this website for an affordable price.
16874	Put a fresh spin on this much used (and abused) Photoshop lens flare effect.
16875	Put a large, deep frying pan over a medium heat and add a knob of butter, swirling it around the pan as it melts.
16876	Put down all the facts including important dates and the names of anyone you spoke to in the company.
16877	Putin said: “The disregard for existing norms and a loss of trust may combine with the unpredictability and turbulence of the colossal change.
16878	Put into practice the latest counselling techniques with work placement opportunities on this practical professionally accredited course.
16879	“Put it on my pending pile,” I said.
16880	Put simply, people smoke for the nicotine but die from the smoke.
16881	Put some effort into properly getting to know your flatmates.
16882	Put the miniature peddle to the metal with the toy cars range from Very.
16883	Putting his foot in it!
16884	Putting underfloor heating in but dont if i should use an air source heat pump or just an oil boiler!
16885	Put your secure payment information here.
16886	Put your steam and sous vide techniques to delicious use with the help of our My AEG app.
16887	Puzzling then, that no-one was ever moved to dedicate any music or to write any songs to accompany/support the ritual?
16888	PwC's Women in Work Index shows substantial gains from closing the gender pay gap: achieving pay parity in the OECD could increase total female earnings by US$2 trillion.
16889	Pyatt, A., Wright, G., Walley, K., and Bleach, E. (2017) Value co-creation in high involvement services: the animal healthcare sector.
16890	Q1 2011 saw a new record in company closures in Belfast when compared to any previous Q1.
16891	Q2 2013 saw a new record in company registrations in Coventry when compared to any previous Q2.
16892	Q2: Why do we want the views of learners?
16893	Q3 How can I put some 'opening cash' into the company to pay for things before I get my first receipts?
16894	Q712: Foxes have been taking my lambs, what can I do?
16895	Q. Are there any plans to further develop the application?
16896	Q&A: Why is religious intolerance on the rise in Indonesia?
16897	Q. How do I contact the Bursary?
16898	Q. I am a wheelchair user, what could I join in with?
16899	Q. If I plead guilty or if I am convicted after a trial will I get a criminal record?
16900	Q) I have illegal hare coursers on my land every weekend, what can I do?
16901	Q. I have no proof that I have climbed all these summits.
16902	Qimtek is also hosting a UK Manufacturer's Pavilion, showcasing a selection of its 400 UK-based subcontracting members.
16903	Quakers could be buried in their own land, and Brighouse Quakers Jonathan Walsh and his wife did just that in 1823.
16904	Qualification for relief tended to come if the idiocy was combined with some other circumstance such as the death of a parent or their sickness.
16905	Qualified Motability Specialists are on hand to advise you on your Toyota vehicle choice, eligibility and scheme, many cars available with Nil Advance Payment.
16906	Qualitative methods in business ethics, corporate responsibility, and sustainability research.
16907	Quality and source is extremely important to the team at the Royal Oak sourcing most of their excellent produce from neighbouring farms and businesses.
16908	Quality, comfort, strength, durability, minimal packaging.
16909	Quality of material and construction, colour, styling.
16910	Quantitative data collection was carried out via two surveys: one on financial capability before and after the course and one on course satisfaction at two separate points in the programme.
16911	Quarterly performance reviews and an annual staff satisfaction survey, along with regular line management and management-to-peer sessions and the HomeAway ‘Buddy scheme’
16912	Quarterly reporting will not be required of landlords with an annual business income of below £10,000.
16913	Question 2: Does the new section on cover the key issues in social media VAWG offences?
16914	Questions like these surround new technologies where patient data is used to try and improve health.
16915	Quickline Couriers have an exciting opportunity for a Business Development Executive to join their busy team in Liverpool.
16916	Quick, local gags helped the Belfast audience warm to her immediately, and when someone seems to genuinely enjoy their role, it makes it easier for the audience to enjoy their appearance on stage.
16917	Quickly find out what is causing application slowness despite normal resource utilization.
16918	Quickly generate graphs and charts to share at meetings.
16919	Quite apart from the aesthetics of a slim toned body, for most sportsmen and women, lower levels of body fat equate to better performance.
16920	Quite simply “United we stand, divided we fall”.
16921	Quite spacious for a grade 3 - loads of storage space.
16922	Quiz night: The Swan Inn will hold a quiz night on Wednesday at 8.30pm.
16923	Quorum: 3, including Council members and persons external to the Council.
16924	Quotas for different staff and student groups within the University apply, in order to ensure that all members of the University have an opportunity to join OPAL.
16925	QuoteCaterers.com is changing the way customers look for service providers for their events, parties or weddings by offering a platform to post your job online and let qualified businesses bid for the work!
16926	Q. When is the restaurant open?
16927	Q. When will I receive my books?
16928	Rabbits are the fourth most farmed animal in the world.
16929	Race four, The Ascot Spring Garden Show Holloway’s Handicap Hurdle, ended with a hard-fought finish between Jenkins and Air Horse One, the former claiming victory by an eventual two and a quarter lengths.
16930	Racegoers will be able to tuck into some specially developed tasty treats thanks to a ground-breaking deal between one of Staffordshire’s premier businesses and Uttoxeter Racecourse.
16931	Rachael Divers Makeup Artistry is owned and run by Rachael Divers, a professional, globally recognised makeup artist, beauty writer and makeup tutor based in Barnsley.
16932	Rachael Kerr talks about her placement with the national lifelong learning project.
16933	Rachel Neaman, Ci’s CEO, said, "With this pilot we are taking the first step towards achieving our ambition of a nationwide schools programme to protect and equip children to remain safe online.
16934	Rachel Russell was an excellent Tracey, as were her parents, James West as Wilbur and the incredible Gareth Bradwick, who took on Edna, as is traditional, and made her believable.
16935	Rachel, who took over The Paint Box back in 2015, reflected: "When I was carrying Austen, I did think about giving the business up, I didn't think I could give 100 per cent to both the baby and the Paint Box.
16936	Racist abuse and harassment are forms of direct discrimination.
16937	Radiator, stairs up to the first floor, spot lights and laminate flooring.
16938	Radiator valves control the flow of water in and out of radiators on a central heating circuit.
16939	Radiator, wall and base units, plumbing for automatic washing machine.
16940	Radical, dramatic, and future facing, the New Jaguar I‑PACE is our first-ever pure battery electric vehicle.
16941	Radio Telephone Services UK - Welcome to the Directory of UK radio telephone companies from Near.
16942	Radius said the increase was driven by its growing success in the North West, where it is investing £12m in a new HQ at Crewe Business Park.
16943	Radley’s Quinn Miell-Ingram was the first Division 2 runner home when finishing 11th overall in the under 11 boys race.
16944	“Rafaqat Ali, thank you for your time, wisdom, attention and care.
16945	RAF Henlow is to close by 2020, with plans to redevelop the site with a science and technology park and housing development.
16946	Rail replacement buses are currently unable to call at Walsden station due to a landslip.
16947	Rail replacement information Rail replacement coach services can be found at the front of the station on the left hand side.
16948	Rainwater, toilet waste, washing machine water, pollution from industry – the list goes on.
16949	Rain with sleet or snow near greenland coast.
16950	Raise awareness of your organisation and the opportunities you are offering.
16951	“Raising a deposit may be tricky for some but there are Help to Buy savings products and shared-ownership schemes that undergraduate investors could qualify for.
16952	Raising public awareness of the Curlew’s decline through initiatives like RSPB’s Curlew Crisis Month helps to spread the word and encourage organisations and individuals to learn about this iconic bird and what we can do to protect it.”
16953	Raja Koduri will take the title of chief architect and senior veep of Core and Visual Computing, the business unit in charge of Chipzilla's new graphics card line as well as the integrated graphics hardware it develops for its various chipsets.
16954	Rajeev Nayyar (pictured), managing director of Fixflo, said: “The demands on property management continue to increase with the legislation that has come through the door over the past 12 months.
16955	Rakesh Shaunak, MHA Chairman, said: “MHA Mtaxco joining the association represents a milestone in the development of our national service footprint.
16956	Raking and bagging leaves for just over an hour will burn off a similar amount.
16957	Raks Bridal is headed by Rakhee Mathroo who has over twelve years of experience with Asian Bridal Services in Blakenhall.
16958	Raks Bridal is headed by Rakhee Mathroo who has over twelve years of experience with Asian Bridal Services in Graiseley.
16959	Ralf Petersen also pleaded guilty to conspiracy to make corrupt payments but is now deceased.
16960	Ralph selects a purple dress to be photographed: “Each silk-organza petal has been cut, curled with tongs and hair-sprayed, and applied by hand to eight sections that make up the gown.”
16961	Ramblers Coffee Shop are able to cater for groups hiring the green room and for children’s birthday parties if booked in advance.
16962	Ramon Bez is a growth marketer with ten years of experience in using data to find opportunities for sustainable and profitable growth.
16963	Ramped access but insufficient resting place.
16964	Ramsey & District Angling Society fished on the Yew Pool on Sunday, another pool on the complex starting to fish well.
16965	Random dichroic glass mixed pack - Bullseye compatible.
16966	Randstad has 60 Rail construction & property jobs.
16967	Rangemaster is the No.1 range cooker brand today.
16968	Range of matching wall and base units with worktop over, one and a half bowl stainless steel sink unit, integrated cooker and hob, space and plumbing for washing machine, pantry cupboard, radiator.
16969	Range type cooker with tiled recess.
16970	Raphoe kept calm and kept playing some good hockey and it paid off when from a side line ball from Simon Goudie found its way to the back post to James Wilson who smashed the ball into the back of the net from two yards out.
16971	Rapid cycle couriers are same-day delivery specialists operating in Edinburgh on bicycle.
16972	RAQEEB Younis hit his second successive century as Conference leaders Jer Lane continued their impressive start to their Bradford Premier League life.
16973	Rare 19th century pamplets relating to the establishment of golf clubs throughout Scotland and the rest of the UK.
16974	Rare books guide - University of Birmingham Browser does not support script.
16975	Rarely straying away from off-whites and creams, this is how to do cashmeres at their most indulgent.
16976	Rare opportunity to acquire substantial development land on Priory Park West, Hessle.
16977	Rate of interest 2.46% fixed.
16978	Rate This Page - is a function available on the website, allowing you to evaluate the usefulness of the information provided.
16979	Rather a "heads they win, tails you lose" situation.
16980	Rather an opportunity for local residents and businesses to have their say on the possibility of safeguarding the land east of Martyrs Lane for future development needs.
16981	Rather like the car itself, where the value is at least partly a function of its scarcity.
16982	Rather like the old advertisements for Stella Artois beer, VW likes to view its products as, if expensive, then reassuringly so.
16983	Rather than being a stepping stone within your career, this opportunity will give you the career progression long term. It also offers a quality of work that you will not come across usually in this geographical location.
16984	Rather than divesting fully, the University has already committed to ‘blacklisting’ investments in coal and tar sands companies, which means that it will never invest in these companies again.
16985	Rather than flooding hotel guests with lashings of digital delights such as Wi-Fi, satellite channels and flat-screen TVs, World Travel Market’s ‘Global Trends Report 2012’ foresees holidaymakers opting for quiet, email and telephone-free weekends.
16986	Rather than pay rolled interest at the end of the loan term or pay it off throughout in monthly instalments, you can also opt to deduct it from the principal at the start of the loan.
16987	Rather than seek to reconcile in subsequent years, it may be simpler for central government to bear this risk, although this could incentivise central government to over-estimate the top-slice required.
16988	Rather than worrying about the way your body looks, try to focus on keeping it healthy.
16989	Rather than worry to much about the mathematics of it, you will be most successful if you aim just to write interesting and relevant articles about (or connected to) your area of business.
16990	Rather, the activity must be of a sort that cannot be independently performed by a private body.
16991	Rather, the conduct described in the EAW must, 'constitute an offence under the law of the executing Member State, whatever the constituent elements or however it is described.'
16992	RATHFRILAND Swifts Reserves made the lengthy trip away to Newmills for their final league game of the season hoping to clinch a top-four finish with another three points.
16993	Ratings recorded during speed tests will not be displayed to other site users except as part of an average score.
16994	Rats and mice should be humanely controlled and birds’ food and water in fully enclosed areas must be protected from wild birds and spilled feed removed regularly.
16995	Rats can suffer from breathing difficulties or lung infections so they need lots of air to move through their cage.
16996	Rattigan was bitter when his reputation declined in the Sixties.
16997	Rawlings goes on: “There’s a sense of trepidation about going on at nine in the morning to open a conference.
16998	Ray Evans, senior pastor of Grace Community Church in Bedford, has written a book on church growth that was published last week.
16999	Rayson wilshaw also offer discreet advertising if required and one dedicated point of contact.
17000	RBKC had particular concerns about the links to crime and disorder issues and they were not permitting two of the several sound systems to be present during the event.
17001	RCA in OpManager is a single graph view of the events of all the plugins of OpManager.
17002	RDA is an official partner for NAIDEX 2017 and will feature throughout the event.
17003	R D Cobban is a painting and decorating company which carries out a range of DIY and home improvement services for businesses and houses.
17004	RDI Sponsor Antiference is proud to launch the NEW Minimod HD Modulators offering single and twin input HDMI/CVBS to DVB-T versions.
17005	Reach this and you'll be paid 10/35ths of the full £159.55 pw state pension, or about £45.
17006	Reacting to the publication of a Government report into Avon Fire Authority, the Fire Brigades Union (FBU) has raised serious concerns regarding comments on operational response and warned that the report must not be a smokescreen for cuts.
17007	Read a variety of health and fitness publications a person will discover them to generally be all agreeing on something along with the actual purpose – swiftest way to drop pounds by natural means is normally doing exercises every single!
17008	Readers may use their own cameras to take still photographs of material at a designated table in the Reading Room.
17009	Readers of the Macclesfield Express had their say on the referendum result.
17010	Reading Abbey Revealed is a major project, made possible through £1.77 million funding support thanks to National Lottery players and the Heritage Lottery Fund and match funding of £1.38 million from Reading Borough Council.
17011	Reading Borough Council’s Lead Councillor for Neighbourhoods, Cllr Liz Terry said: “By recycling more and better, we can keep down waste management costs and use savings for essential services like adult social care or education.
17012	Reading, films, music, swimming, learning foreign languages, kickboxing and spending time with friends and family.
17013	Reading Male Voice Choir is in concert at All Saints’ Church in Marlow on Saturday, 16th February at 7.15pm.
17014	Reading Well books on prescription for dementia scheme recommends books you might find helpful if you have dementia, are caring for someone with dementia or would like to find out more about the condition.
17015	Readjusting to life after a stroke can be difficult.
17016	Read Local lady Gladys Liddell turns 100…
17017	Read more about the redesign on the Home Office website.
17018	Read more about Your Move tenant insurance.
17019	Read more at http://spfl.
17020	Read MoreDerek Minards Plumbing provides customers with a professional plumbing and drainage service and has a 24 hour call out facility.
17021	Read More Key Services AJL remedialsAJL remedials also offer brickwork repairs as well as fascia and sofit / plumbing/and handyman service.
17022	Read More Memberships GSR - Gas Safe RegisterHelping clients to there heating in good working order as soon as possible, the company provides businesses with a professional gas and plumbing.
17023	Read MoreOur company ethos is to provide our clients the best possible service from the first enquiry through to aftercare.
17024	Read MoreThe firm supplies a comprehensive range of taps, basins, toilets, baths and Jacuzzi hot tubs, featuring a choice of popular brands and styles.
17025	Read on to find out the answers.
17026	Read our attached guide to break the tax code so you understand your BR’s from your NT’s.
17027	Read our helpful pack for advice on running your food business.
17028	Read our reports and plans below.
17029	Read the article below and then go to the website to enter the competition.
17030	Read the Nissan 370Z Roadster convertible (2009 - ) car review by Auto Trader's motoring experts, covering price, specification, running costs, practicality, safety and how it drives.
17031	Read this article to find out about the different types of cat skin conditions.
17032	Ready to start your project?
17033	Ready to take control of your life?
17034	Reagan represented the far right wing of US politics.
17035	Realize your individual dream of living in transparent, elegant and timeless decor with the modern design of Flow glass internal doors.
17036	Really grateful for Chocolate express who have bought these amazing chocolates and put them online - saves me so much hassle.
17037	Really nice area to shoot photos.
17038	Really the only factor you should do is always keep publishing.
17039	Really would have been nice to have more time in Sorrento.
17040	Real simplification of the tax system, particularly for small businesses, will help MTD work.
17041	Real work experience, while making a difference to the lives of vulnerable families in South Oxfordshire.
17042	REA members are able to purchase this report at a discounted price of only £199 + VAT, a 20% saving on the standard rate.
17043	Rear aspect UPVC double glazed patio doors leading to decked terrace and overlooking the garden, this dining area also provides plenty of room for a large dresser or sideboard alongside dining furniture.
17044	REAR RADIUS ARM for 156 ALL MODELSNote: A delivery charge of £9.95 will be added to all orders.
17045	REA were part of the technical working group that was involved with providing information to inform the review.
17046	Rebecca Dacre - Mazars - United Kingdom We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites.
17047	Rebecca has joined the LMB’s Neurobiology Division, and is researching the systemic control of proteostasis and ageing.
17048	Rebecca has worked in newspapers for 2 years, she is currently an online reporter for the Express.
17049	Recent accommodation futures studies have identified a lack of both serviced and self catering accommodation establishments within the Rother area.
17050	Recent advances in the physics of light are driving forward the fields of biology and medicine.
17051	Recent figures from the Office for National Statistics show that divorce rates rose between opposite-sex couples in 2016, with a 5.8% increase compared with 2015.
17052	Recent innovations in thermal management have made it possible to operate under high heat loads using tantalum capacitors.
17053	Recent leavers from the last five years (2011-2015) are invited to catch up with each other and reconnect with Worcester at the Grade II listed Punch Tavern on Fleet Street, to sample a selection of their finest gins and enjoy an award winning pie.
17054	Recently, family law has been mostly led by the decisions judges make in cases and has become far removed from the written law which is now forty years old.
17055	Recently I have become increasingly interested in writing about visual technologies that alter the way we think about what we see.
17056	Recently, one of our clients told us that a long-serving employee was refusing to use new technology that had been introduced across the company.
17057	Recently redecorated and refurbished, the property is in an excellent condition with huge location benefits.
17058	Recently we have succeeded in isolating cancer stem cells, the most aggressive cancer cells, from the circulating blood.
17059	Recent masterclasses have been taken by Martin Katz, Malcolm Martineau and Julius Drake.
17060	Recent new kitchen.
17061	Recent polls by Waterstones and other bookshops found that Lord of the Rings was the most popular book of the 20th century.
17062	Recent research carried out by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development suggests workers on zero-hours contracts are more content than their counterparts in permanent employment.
17063	Recent studies have shown that dynamical models have considerable skill predicting the number of tropical storms - for example successfully predicting the change from the exceptionally active season of 2005 to the below-normal activity of the 2006 season.
17064	Reception have said they will be forwarding the balance for me to pay this week and I will also be up at some point to collect everything - Gina (fantastic) said she will leave everything "under the stairs".
17065	Recessed cupboard housing the consumer unit, electric and gas meters.
17066	Recirculation removes unpleasant odours and fat from the air that passes through the hood, and blows the air back into the kitchen.
17067	Recognising the incorporation of migrant and refugee workers as one of the most significant issues confronting the textile and footwear industry is an important step forwards in addressing the issues raised in relation to their employment.
17068	Recombination in enteroviruses is a biphasic replicative process involving the generation of greater-than genome length 'imprecise' intermediates.
17069	Recommended for blemished skin and blemished-prone skin types.
17070	Recommended Providers – they have to combine good cover with great customer service.
17071	Record Deposit growth of £3.7b; up 47% year-on-year to £11.
17072	Recorded in concert on 12 December 2012 at Southbank Centre's Royal Festival Hall.
17073	Recorders using this model were based both in and outside the country of conflict.
17074	Record MPEG-4 AVCHD/H.264 files at 24Mbps (4:2:0) to two SD/SDHC/SDXC memory cards – with relay and simultaneous recording options.
17075	Record: P2005/5/1162Rennick stands on the deck of the ship 'Terra Nova'.
17076	Records of Inquests are fascinating - where they can be found - throwing much light on the way of life and manner of death experienced by our ancestors.
17077	Recruiter Awards website may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting.
17078	Recruitment is now taking place for panel members.
17079	Rectified high gloss porcelain wood effect tile with a rich deep finish.
17080	Redbridge Trading Standards enforce the laws prohibiting the sale of age restricted products to underage children.
17081	Reddingtons Rare Records is a music shop selling a range of CDs and records.
17082	Red Door's exclusive and select client list ensures that only quality performers are represented by Red Door.
17083	Red Flag Alert also works closely with Accountants and Lawyers who focus on helping small and medium sized businesses trade in confidence and help them to grow their business.
17084	Rednal Recruitment Ltd is a recruitment agency which helps employers to fill vacancies and jobseekers to find work across various market sectors.
17085	Red pens – Teachers use red pens to mark, it confuses the bookwork for the student to use red.
17086	Redstar ran out 9 - 2 winners despite missing thier forward Will Bailey who has a suspected broken toe!
17087	•Reducing carbon in supply and energy management.
17088	Reducing stress and anxiety can improve your mood and outlook and even these slight differences can make you feel more capable of managing your pain and facing the challenges of the day.
17089	Reducing the impact of fish farming through the cultivation of seaweed.
17090	Reducing your room temperature by 1°C could cut your heating bills by 10%.
17091	Red wine contains a component called Resveratrol, which has been noted to help prevent hair loss, meaning a thicker, fuller head of hair like Kate’s could be a glass of vino away.
17092	"Reed in Partnership and my Adviser were with me in my lowest darkest times", she said.
17093	Reeds Rains are delighted to present the opportunity to rent this superb three bedroom semi detached family home situated in the ever popular sunnyside area of south belfast.
17094	Rees Centre & Bristol University.
17095	Reeth is very much a living village and is incredibly well served.
17096	References can really delay the recruitment process so applicants need to assist to make sure the process runs smoothly.
17097	Reference source not found.
17098	Reference the data from your publication(s).
17099	Referral marketing, also known as word of mouth marketing, is one of the oldest marketing methods around.
17100	Referrals are accepted from patients, carers, other Health Care Professional, GPs and consultants.
17101	Referring to the Korean word for rice, On The Bab's name evokes the balance they strike between traditional Korean flavours and dynamic junkfood-style cooking.
17102	Referring to the NCVO UK Civil Society Almanac, he says: “From 2008/09, foundations carried on making grants because they were needed more than ever.
17103	Refinement is much improved, and the new four-cylinder diesel is easily a match for the 2.0 Ingenium unit in the when it comes to a subdued idle and quiet cruising on the motorway.
17104	Reflecting the two sides of austerity the relatively rich Tory-led county of Oxfordshire has proposed to cut Housing Related Support by 38%.
17105	Reflective material is available as self-adhesive strips, stickers etc which can easily be attached to clothes and other items such as bags.
17106	Reflective skills and interpersonal skills (e.g. attunement, empathy) are improved which can help the therapist to apply evidence-based approaches with greater flexibility and understanding for the patient experience.
17107	Reform of the market is critical not just to instil fairness and affordability but to ensure that Britain has an energy system fit for the future.
17108	Refuge’s staff work with local agencies to ensure that all women receive the support they need.
17109	Refurbishment will start shortly and we will build a sympathetic and elegant extension to give us a new foyer, gallery, café and bar.
17110	Refuse/recycle collections "improving"
17111	"Regarding: Event - Caravanning: the play - introduction & casting"
17112	Regardless, I decided to give it a go and Alfie gave me a good warm up at the net and the baseline, as he loosened up for his real training sessions before heading down to London to step up his Wimbledon preparations.
17113	Regardless of colour mix, Trustone Antique paviors creates a graceful and stylish solution for any driveway, something it does through it's 'antiqued' riven surface.
17114	Regardless of the type of faucet you choose.
17115	Regardless of whether you have approached the customer privately or not, you should post your public response containing the same points raised in 5 above.
17116	Regardless of whether you’re tootling along on the motorway or out on a Sunday drive, one thing that you will be able to appreciate is the interior.
17117	Regardless of who you buy your electricity from, if there’s a problem with your supply.
17118	Reg Ashwin, Arthur Cook, Bob Drinkwater and Dick Lewis - they rode in black and white kit.
17119	Regent College has provided English tuition, support and teaching in the past 14 years so all our staff members are dedicated and experienced whose priority is always you, the student.
17120	Re: Getting Started with ITK / HL7 / TPP SystmOne IntegrationHi Chris, It's worth asking TPP to let you know if any HL7 interfaces exist within the tools made available as part your PAS deployment.
17121	Regin premier Gas Leak Detection Spray is suitable for use on compressed air and most industrial gases.
17122	Regional policy is set by Regional Transport Partnerships (RTPs).
17123	Registered academic users of census data can extract and download flow data using the query interface known as WICID.
17124	Registered address: Bankside 300, Peachman Way, Broadland Business Park, Norwich, Norfolk, NR7 0LB, United Kingdom.
17125	Registered Housing Providers (social landlords) will also be included in this process.
17126	Registered office: Hareness Road, Altens Industrial Estate, Aberdeen.
17127	Register for our online shop and get a free Unit Measure Cup to avoid over-pouring your spirit measures.
17128	Register up to 30 frequently used items on the new My Menu for instant recall.
17129	Registration and account setup is all completed online.
17130	Registration and naturalisation are also not the same.
17131	Registration assist organisations with their registration including renewal and changes.
17132	Registration is now open for the European workshop on cell death to be held in Fiuggi, Italy from 6-11 May 2018.
17133	Registrations are renewed each year and updated during the year as required and the Register of Data Controllers can be inspected at any time on the Information Commissioner's Office website.
17134	Registration was a shambles, online support could not be provided within 5 days!
17135	Regular blood tests will be carried out to check the medication is working.
17136	Regular hoeing in spring will largely destroy the seedlings.
17137	Regular inspections will be undertaken by authorised officers of the environmental protection team to check and ensure full compliance with the permit.
17138	Regularly handled will be ivermectin treated.
17139	Regular Operations meeting with Senior Management where best practice ideas and processes are communicated and exchanged to ensure these are filtered down the organisation and consistency is achieved.
17140	Regular servicing of your watch and frequent maintenance carried out on your jewellery can ensure the longevity of your favourite items for optimum enjoyment all year through.
17141	Regulation 16 sets a statutory liability period of three years commencing from the date on which a relevant event occurs.
17142	Regulation 8 of the MLRs states that the regulations apply to certain categories of persons acting in the course of business carried on in the UK.
17143	Regulatory Inspectors may also progress to become Regulatory Inspection Managers or HMI.
17144	Regulatory measures are in place for some fusarium toxins, including MLs and indicative levels.
17145	Regulatory signs, especially those for parking, must convey the requirements of ever more complex traffic orders, and it is necessary to know the limit on information that can be reasonably understood.
17146	Rehearsal is not practising, it proceeds by iterative failure.”
17147	Re-join the ship during the afternoon for the transit of the Panama Canal.
17148	Relationships Scotland Borders will use its grant of £242,913 to encourage meaningful relationships between children and non-parents and carers, as well as wider family members.
17149	Relatively few Fos positive cells were present in laminae 1-2 at any time point examined.
17150	Relatively large and with a delicious perfume, the purple trumpet-shaped flowers of this cottage garden favourite will add colour and fragrance to the spring garden.
17151	Relax at the Palace and enjoy your free Leisure Club membership.
17152	Relax on board as Marco Polo spends another day at sea.
17153	Relief will not appear on your annual bill issued on 2nd March 2018, we will automatically apply relief to qualifying ratepayers and will issue a revised rate demand as soon as possible.
17154	Religion and Philosophy sit beneath him.
17155	Remains of the offshore section of an English Second Rate warship which sprang a leak and capsized on returning to Plymouth from a Channel patrol in 1691.
17156	Remember: aqua has a range of credit building credit cards with advantages beneficial to credit card users with bad credit.
17157	Remember – don’t put too much pressure on your child or he may refuse to play with you if he doesn’t think it’s going to be fun.
17158	Remember: feedback is a gift!
17159	Remembering Scottish clothing, Scottish housing and Scottish weather as a schoolboy in the sixties sugar was essential.
17160	Remember, our planet was made "very good" in the beginning: we don't want to be responsible for an end of term report of "could do better".
17161	Remember regarding the brand-new ability to make medals either.
17162	Remember that lighter colors make rooms seem bigger.
17163	Remember that scene in '9 1/2 Weeks' where Mickey Rourke feeds Kim Basinger all kinds of sexy foods?
17164	Remember that when choosing a mortgage, it’s important not to look at the rate alone.
17165	Remember that you are training apprentices up for a proper career, not the odd jobs like washing up.”
17166	Remember the golden rule: never use hot water to de-ice a windscreen!
17167	Remember though, generally speaking lower deposits mean stricter lending criteria, so acceptance can be much more difficult as credit score pass rates are set far higher.
17168	Remember to consider planning regulations and environmental issues before implementing measures and to ensure that measures affect only your land and not that of neighbours or the highway.
17169	Remember, to get these offers you must pay with your intu Credit Card.
17170	Remember to include staff salaries and software licences in your current costs.
17171	Remember to write your name, address and rent reference number on the back of your cheque.
17172	Remember, Worcestershire County Council Libraries support the 5 steps to wellbeing.
17173	Reminders of its Roman past stand alongside medieval cottages, and the steep, cobbled streets lined with black and white timber-framed buildings are also home to tearooms, cafes and independent boutiques.
17174	Reminds me of the debate about the motorway speed limit.
17175	Remote access to serial port or video.
17176	Removable shelves and magnetic door seals make easy cleaning a consistent feature of this appliance.
17177	Removed carpet flooring, laying chestnut wood flooring on living room, kitchen and hallway with combined surface of 58m2.
17178	Remove from view the items that the person may confuse for food.
17179	Renamo also decided to re-appoint one of its nominees to the previous CNE.
17180	Rendering exception while searching the software from the global search.
17181	Renew your bathroom with our extraordinary range of bathroom carpets.
17182	Renowned portrait, food and nature photographer Alan Shapiro shares his top tips for macro photography, ideal for anyone wanting to get started with floral photography.
17183	Rental payment: The balance of rental payment is due no later than 2 months prior to arrival.
17184	Rental prices increased in all the English regions during this time, with rental prices increasing the most in London (3.9%).
17185	RentalStep has thrown its weight behind the Creditworthiness Assessment Bill, put forward last year by Big Issue founder Lord John Bird; it is currently awaiting a third reading in the House of Lords before being debated in the House of Commons.
17186	Rented properties must supply the original tenancy agreement and gas safety certificate.
17187	Rent little boats near you on a canal or charter huge once-in-a-lifetime trips to remote locations.
17188	Rent varies from £468.03 per month for a room in a shared flat and from £873.63 per month for a self contained flat.
17189	Rent will be paid 365 days of the year, and it only stops when the property is in satisfactory condition at the end of the agreement and the keys are handed back.
17190	Repeat this with the rest of the batter, adding a little more lard if necessary.
17191	Replacement bus services are running on Great Western Railway between Llanelli and Carmarthen.
17192	Replacement UK power supply for Minicom 5, 6 & 7000 Series and Uniphone 1150.
17193	Replacement windows should have a painted, not timber finish.
17194	Replacing all of your halogen bulbs with LEDs is a great place to start.
17195	Replacing our kitchen & bathroom could have been very stressful but Clover took all the systems away, finishing the work exactly when they said they would.
17196	Replies to Mark O'Neill>It is not end-to-end from the citizen's perspective.
17197	Replies to Paul Woods>Yes, that's definitely a possibility.
17198	Replies to Richard Edwards>Richard, yes I agree that's critical.
17199	Report a problem with grass, trees, plants or water features - Sunderland City Council We use cookies to help us improve the user experience.
17200	Reporting Accountant - Insurance One of the more interesting London market underwriters are recruiting for a broad Group Reporting Accountant with a focus on reporting including production and analysis of divisional results.
17201	Report nuisance neighbours for a loud or disruptive domestic dispute.
17202	Report of male going door to door selling items from an holdall.
17203	Reports of a two-second tremor began flooding onto social media at about 2.30pm on Saturday.
17204	Reports suggest it will still only return an average of 22mpg and emit 290g/km CO2 even with this stealth urban-driving mode.
17205	Reports suggest the road is partially blocked.
17206	Representatives from the EPSRC will also be present at the Technology Day, in preparation for a meeting of the CDT Industrial Advisory board the next day.
17207	Representing members’ views, as a respected and authoritative advocate with government and business bodies in Hong Kong, the UK, and mainland China.
17208	Reputation management is more than just a buzzword.
17209	Request a copy of our 2017 Review here if you want to know more about the Advertising Association’s 2018 plans.
17210	Request an up front fee (approximately 10% of the investment) for a security bond.
17211	Request contact info for Debs.
17212	Research by accountancy firm Smith & Williamson in May suggested these worries were increasing as the referendum got closer, with four in five small business leaders expressing concerns.
17213	Research conducted by the University of Cambridge highlights the detrimental impact this has on attendance, attainment and mental health and wellbeing.
17214	Research data can be requested under Freedom of Information legislation.
17215	Research has shown that people highly value green spaces near their homes in cities, though these naturally are at a premium in built-up areas.
17216	Research Laboratories----- United Arab Emirates -----
17217	Research on their use so far also seems predicated on the assumptions that the introduction of this new technology will transform teaching and do so for the better.
17218	Research prototypes are implemented using off-the-shelf processors to run software and Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) to build hardware.
17219	Research will provide foresight.
17220	Resembling more of a river in some sections of the track it want long until the riders were covered top to bottom.
17221	Reservations can be made for groups of six or more.
17222	Reservoir is charming, unpretentious, and comfy.
17223	Residential care and housing for older people Browser does not support script.
17224	Residential care, supported living, communicator guides and intervenors.
17225	Residents across North Wales are being reminded of a website that provides an extensive range of health and well-being advice and support, all at the touch of a button.
17226	Residents also have use of a communal rear garden and benefit from off street parking.
17227	Residents and visitors alike can reflect and absorb the town's essence within its hair, beauty and wellbeing sources.
17228	Residents feel they have a midnight curfew and that their quality of life has been reduced.
17229	Residents in the area have been invited to attend a customer information session on Thursday March 26, 2015 at Cullercoats Methodist Fishermen’s Church, Tyne & Wear between 3.00pm and 7.00pm to find out more.
17230	Residents may have noticed that PC Tracy Mears has now moved on.
17231	Residents will also benefit from a free furniture pack.
17232	Resilience, on the other hand, is the ability to withstand and recover from disruptions, particularly sudden shocks.
17233	Resolution is a recruitment agency which helps employers to fill vacancies and jobseekers to find work across various market sectors.
17234	RESOLVED: That a Work Programme be developed and circulated, as set out above.
17235	RESOLVED –That the procedure for undertaking appeal hearings in accordance with the Scrap Metal Dealers Act 2013, as set out in Appendix 1 to the report, be approved.
17236	RESOLVED to recommend that the report be accepted.
17237	Resolver allows you to keep a record of any email correspondence sent between you and Diesel, as well any phone calls made via our mobile app.
17238	Resolver allows you to keep a record of any email correspondence sent between you and L.K.Bennett, as well any phone calls made via our mobile app.
17239	Resolver is not affiliated to, linked with or otherwise endorsed by ebuyer.com.
17240	Resolving difficult situations in a prompt and effective manner will enable working relationships to continue running smoothly with minimum disruption.
17241	Respondents also prioritised agility as the most important capability to develop over the next three years for meeting business challenges, and are planning to consolidate their operational effectiveness in 2018.
17242	Responding to concerns raised that these practices impact negatively on the reputation of the research sector, MRS contacted G4S' CEO Ashley Almanza.
17243	Responding to the report, Manuel said: "Franchising doesn't need reform, it needs scrapping.
17244	Responsibility for the care and maintenance of the tree remains with the owner.
17245	Responsibility: The main responsibilities are to receive, check and register invoices; collect and check payments supporting documents ; upload correct invoices and documents into the company's system.
17246	Responsible for taking orders and making recommendations that delight our guests.
17247	Restaurant lunch included!
17248	Restaurant with rooms?
17249	Resting the joint is the first thing to do, but also it is recommended that you hold a cold compress against the joint for a few minutes a few times a day as this can help to ease the inflammation and the pain.
17250	Restorative justice can be another empowering tool that victims can access in an effort to help them cope and recover from the effect of an incident.
17251	Restoring broken mankind is what Jesus does, isn’t it!
17252	Restricting the number of times you're shown a particular advertisement.
17253	RESULTS: Antibody titres were below the protective thresholds throughout the study period and we did not find any association with protection against febrile malaria.
17254	RESULTS: A total of 445 (53%) children received efavirenz and 391 (47%) nevirapine.
17255	Results will be discussed in terms of overall treatment effects as well as looking at moderators of response to intervention.
17256	Resuming from their overnight position of 106-5, with an overall deficit of 99, Nottinghamshire’s sixth wicket pairing of Libby and Tom Moores were parted inside the first half an hour of the day.
17257	Retailing is an exciting business sector and an increasingly important component of successful global economies.
17258	Retail lighting and consumer behaviour in the.
17259	‘Retail represents about 10% of our economy, and the high street is a vital part of this.
17260	Retail Store Manager £20 - 22,000 Store & Company Bonus & Benefits Folkestone The Company Established for over 100 years but still growing this Hig.
17261	Retaining solar thermal will also help the fuel poverty alleviation agenda, as well as efforts to reach the Government’s own target of 12% renewable heat by 2020.
17262	Re the contract.
17263	Retro inspired, the Breville Impressions 1.7L jug kettle in vanilla cream with its high gloss finish and unique texture will add instant style to any kitchen.
17264	Return completed forms (with the correct fee) to Building Control, Plymouth City Council, Ballard House, West Hoe, Plymouth, PL1 3BJ.
17265	RETURNING flanker Tom Ellis admits finishing outside the top six in the Aviva Premiership would do Bath ‘injustice’.
17266	Returning home and starting the diploma in Irish really inspired me to learn more about the history and traditions of the Gaeltacht region where I was reared.
17267	Returning to Sheffield - Why study at Sheffield?
17268	Return to the Brewery to sparge your mashed malted barley and run your brew through to the giant copper kettle where it will be boiled and infused with hops.
17269	Revalidation is based on maintaining your licence to practice, not your employing organisation.
17270	Revalidation is not about demonstrating that you are up to date in that registered specialty (in which you trained), but that you are up to date and fit to practice in your current fields and across your scope of work.
17271	Revealed: The accent that Australians find the MOST attractive in the bedroom - and you might be surprised!
17272	Reveal your ancestor through our unique Honourable Artillery Company collection.
17273	Revenge porn, when people post or share pictures or videos that they took privately with, or received from a partner to humiliate them and have a negative impact on their lives.
17274	Revesby is no different, and the Estate is very proud of the role its personalities have played on local, national and international stages over the years.
17275	Review documents, designs and drawings completed by team to ensure consistent high quality and compliance with design standards, industry best practice, contractual obligations and client expectations.
17276	Reviewed B's work history and training in the UK and overseas.
17277	Review of Medicine in an age of commerce & empire, by Harrison, M. The Journal of Imperial and Commonwealth History, Vol.39 (No.2). pp. 336-338.
17278	Reviews and updates are important for ERP systems for a variety of reasons.
17279	Review, sign-off and support the release of Directed Source and Supplier released Drawings within the Lear PLM System.
17280	Reviews of our Plumbing, Heating and Building Services in Grimsby, Cleethorpes and North Lincolnshire.
17281	REVIEW: Wood you believe it?
17282	Review your policies, procedures and mechanisms for gathering, using, sharing and protecting personal data.
17283	Revisiting the site again in May 2009 showed that the restoration work was successful.
17284	Revital sell natural health products, health products and supplements.
17285	Revolution Beauty disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
17286	Rewards for Forces discount scheme offer discounts from lots of retailers and services.
17287	Rhianydd also has recorded memories of area of Leicester.
17288	Rhinoviruses are actually responsible for colds, while influenza viruses are responsible for the flu.
17289	RH says that the bond is not of his making and puts himself upon the country, and prior WR puts himself likewise.
17290	Richard Branson: 'Give new firms a three-year break from.
17291	Richard Price is the second high profile appointment this summer joining Midas Group as Operations Director for its construction business in Wales & Wessex.
17292	Richard says that at the moment a lot of the money that start-ups spend tends to flow to Facebook to try to acquire those customers, but adds that this may not necessarily be the best place to spend your limited marketing budget.
17293	Richard was the perfect host and made sure we received the most out of our holiday.
17294	Richard works on maintaining and improving the Unified Model code.
17295	Richer interactions are just the start.
17296	Richmond Fellowship proves the voluntary sector can provide effective alternative.
17297	Rich Thornton, Becky Baldwin and Chris Hawkins began developing the idea when they were all studying at the Bristol Institute of Modern Music (BIMM) in Stokes Croft.
17298	Rich with budget apartments for rental, and boasting the largest beach on the island, it is ideal for sun worshippers and its many clubs and bars give it a very lively nightlife.
17299	Rick and me were SERIOUSLY giving it some welly.
17300	Rick’s estate has been estimated at £10 million and includes a five bedroom house in Marbella.
17301	RICS also offer psychometric profiles for individual employees and teams; they mostly use MBTI and StrengthsFinder.
17302	Riders can either hire a horse locally, or bring their own to South Moor Farm where we can accommodate you and your horse.
17303	Ridgeway Methodists had said they could provide a choir, please get thinking caps on for the evening events.
17304	Riding a bike, learning to swim, riding a skateboard – it’s the fearlessness of many children that mean they often pick up these skills faster than a first-time adult!
17305	Riga was a wonderful addition to our arsenal of bizarre memories.
17306	Right in the buzzing heart of one of the most photographed villages in the country, nature is quietly going about its business under our very noses.
17307	Right in the south of Quebec province the Eastern Townships is made up of several towns on the frontiers of the United States, which is why this part of Francophone Canada seems more English.
17308	Rightmove and your agent will say that your home is receiving an excellent number of interactions per week and an impressive conversion ratio of brochure downloads.
17309	Right now, a person needs to have a fob to use the system, which costs about £40 and has to be bought by either a council or an individual.
17310	Right now you can get between £50-£100 credit towards your broadband bills when you pick up selected Virgin Media broadband, phone and TV bundles online.
17311	Right on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park, this is a wonderful place to explore the countryside from.
17312	Right, so pause here.
17313	Right this second.
17314	Rigid and artic segments remain buoyant following exceptional growth in 2016, up 0.4% and 0.5% respectively.
17315	RIM, the company behind BlackBerry smartphones also has a tablet computer that's ready to hit the market.
17316	Ring sling, or baby carrier?
17317	Rise of Christianity (DR1038) The course will introduce you to the first five centuries of Christian life and belief.
17318	Rishworthians go into Sunday’s Yorkshire Shield final at Hull Ionians determined to do a double over their already promoted opponents Scarborough.
17319	Rising high in the mountains of Glamorganshire, the river Afan flows through the once heavily industrialised Afan Valley before entering Swansea Bay at Port Talbot.
17320	Rising price pressures to help GBP recovery We use marketing cookies to show relevant services on third party websites.
17321	Rising up from this illustrious sea of blue, a host of palaces, mausoleums, and famous forts can be found-the most famous of these being the soaring red sandstone fort of Mehrangarh.
17322	Risk assess your home and get personalised fire safety plan.
17323	Risk Registers and reporting designed to demonstrate the level of risk being carried across the organisation and demonstrate appetite/tolerance for risk.
17324	Risks are reviewed regularly at Divisional level and reported monthly on an exception basis to the Executive Management Team and subsequently the AFBI Board.
17325	Riverside recently signed up to the Time to Change Employer Pledge, which aims to end mental health stigma in the workplace.
17326	Riyad Mahrez waved to the Leicester City crowd and thumped the badge on his shirt.
17327	RMT demands action as threats to staff escalate on.
17328	RMT will be using the Hull protest to point out that as an island nation and net importer, our economic, social and security interests depend upon seafarers and a resilient UK maritime skills base.
17329	Road closures cause disruption to drivers, pedestrians, residents and businesses and should only be considered if absolutely necessary.
17330	Road safety matters to because we own, manage or provide fuel to more than a million vehicles travelling on the UK’s roads.
17331	Road safety remains a big concern: Careless driving and speeding is common and 346 of you (29%) said you have almost or actually been hit by a car.
17332	Road Safety Week is an ideal opportunity to improve the safety of at-work drivers, engage with the wider community, and demonstrate your organisation’s commitment to road safety.
17333	Road transport will operate between Reading, Swindon and Didcot Parkway.
17334	Roath Park traffic conditions - incidents & roadworksThere are no current incidents or roadworks within a 20 mile radius.
17335	Robert Charles are a Somerset-based company who design, build and install bespoke kitchens, bathrooms and bedrooms.
17336	Roberts believes Sedgley's rich vein of form bodes well for the remainder of the campaign, which will reach the halfway point on Saturday when the Tigers travel to Chester.
17337	Robertson said: "These are two massive games for us, one after the other at home within four days.
17338	Robin Crumby asks, what will the publishing industry look like when it emerges from recession?
17339	Robin Hood's Bay is a jumble of white-washed cottages tumbling down a steep hill.
17340	Robin Price, Regional Water Quality Manager, said: “Before it gets to your tap, your drinking water is cleaned, disinfected and tested.
17341	Robinsons can help you to find the exact used Rolex watch you are looking for if it is not one we currently have in stock.
17342	Rob is a Year 3 teacher who joined the staff in September 2017.
17343	Robust and lively debate is one thing – personal snipes, attacks and outright insensitivity is something else entirely, and it too often takes priority.
17344	Robust and water-resistant with a stylish aluminium design, it'll look great in any home or room.
17345	Rochdale are bottom of League One, but they have nothing to lose here.
17346	Rochester Castle has one of the most spectacular keeps in England, begun in 1127.
17347	Rock Black - Tile ChoiceJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
17348	Rockingham House Hotel on Portsmouth TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
17349	Rockley is a small resort situated on the southern coast of Barbados.
17350	Roe and Coop made sure that Town paid for missing that chance.
17351	ROGUE traders are on the run after the local authority launched a new scheme to tackle them.
17352	Roisin McGinley was the only club female athlete in action at this race.
17353	Roke enjoys traveling, playing guitar and watching his favourite football team Real Madrid winning games.
17354	Romance were also among the teams to triumph this week, beating Miss Kicks 6-3 in their matchup.
17355	Ronan Keating proposed to his wife Storm twice, ensuring his three children were there the second time he presented her with the oval diamond, set on a diamond band.
17356	Ron Miller was called up for National Service in 1951 aged just 18, and sent to fight in the Korean War, which broke out in 1950 when North Korea invaded South Korea.
17357	Ronnie from Granby Four Streets talks about the importance of local roots.
17358	Roofs may be basic roofing felt pinned to the panels - more expensive sheds may be covered with shingles.
17359	Room 207 is the English Department IT room; we have 27 flat-screen computers and an active board complete with DVD/VCR links in this room.
17360	Roomba 650 vs 690 Comparison gives you a detailed look at these robotic vacuums.
17361	Room is located in a shared house, fully equipped with home appliances, access to a nice sized garden and a wonderful kitchen with dinning area.
17362	Rooms designated for smoking (not bedrooms) should not be used for any other purpose.
17363	Room size approximately 8.14 sq. m.
17364	Roper Rhodes brings you the stylish Esta Freestanding Unit with Basin in a contemporary design that is instantly appealing.
17365	Roper Rhodes Mirrors have been beautifully crafted and includes a host of clever features such as built-in lighting, multimedia options, heated demister pads, recharging sockets and no touch infra-red on/off switching.
17366	Rose by Shire Beds at Mattressman The cookie settings on this webpage are set to ‘Allow All Cookies’ to give you the very best shopping experience.
17367	Rose-coloured Starling is still at Baltasound and the is still at Norwick.
17368	Rosie's Pampering offers a wide range of Beauty Treatments.
17369	Ross Carvel, prosecuting, said: “He advised the call handler that it was time for someone to die and he wished to kill himself.
17370	Ross graduated from Newcastle University and has experience providing dental treatment in the UK and overseas for the military.
17371	Ross Jackson, Development Surveyor with Fisher German, played a key role in the sale and said interest in the site was high, but Bellway Homes showed that extra ambition to make sure the purchase went to them.
17372	Ross Woods, programme team manager for performing arts and media at Brooksby Melton College, said: “The students have worked tirelessly on developing their performances for this very challenging text.
17373	Rotated top to bottom and section to section.
17374	ROTHAMSTED Research has highlighted its archive of agricultural and meteorological data, dating back to 1843, which is available for the common benefit modern agriculture, agroecology and the environment.
17375	Roughly one third reported to have produced over 20% of the total sales by means of their website.
17376	Routine maintenance is carried out annually.
17377	Rovers conclude their SkyBet League One campaign next weekend at Southend.
17378	Rowing will tone these kinds of areas as torso, hips, pelvis, thigh, and the digestive system.
17379	Rowley (1991, citing Melack and Thompson 1971) refers to the McGill Archaeology questionnaire.
17380	Royal 19 B.X, f.40v - (top), An angel on the left; the new heaven and earth (three trees).
17381	Royal Mail are now recruiting for Cleaners at Kingsbridge DO.
17382	Royal Marines Museum in Hampshire first began life as one of the finest officers’ messes in Britain.
17383	Roy and David also track outdoor activities – Red Raider and Longhorn football schedules top the list.
17384	Roy dealt with our new window and door for our kitchen.
17385	Roy Porter’s butcher’s shop may seem a strange watering hole but they home make really good pies and a hot pie at lunch time eaten sat on a bench in the cricket field before or after this walk makes a fantastic treat.
17386	RPA can mimic all these active tasks and the data entry into the systems, with a suitable degree of human intervention where needed, because robots can leave a clear trail of exceptions cases.
17387	RSA identifies signage such as speed limits, no overtaking warnings and road conditions and the signs.
17388	RSS is one of many ways to communicate with your customer base.
17389	RSS offers an opt-in model to receiving content that places much greater control of the flow of information to a user.
17390	RUBBISH collections are set to be delayed by one day over the Diamond Jubilee celebrations.
17391	Rubbish on Peckham streets is ‘out of control’
17392	Rubbish which may provide harbourage for rats and mice.
17393	Rubble still lay in the streets.
17394	Rubén, Lotte & their young family were extremely welcoming & helpful throughout our stay recommending places to visit, directions &providing beautiful 3 course meals & delicious breakfast on the communal terrace with fresh baked bread every morning!
17395	Rudimental also received nominations at the MTV Europe Music Awards for Best New Act and Best UK and Ireland act. Rudimental has achieved multiple Platinum awards for record sales in several countries.
17396	Rudyard Kipling’s enchanting tale of The Jungle Book is brought to life in The Colour House Children’s Theatre.
17397	Ruesch: Guide to the National Museum, Naples, 273, no.
17398	Rugby Borough are back in action on Saturday when they host Daventry Town.
17399	Rugby borough council recognised that, and is now looking at a council tax cut for the coming year.
17400	"Ruined by amalgamation with Somerton"
17401	Rumour has it that Charles II hid up here with the Sparrowe family in 1651 after the Battle of Worcester.
17402	Run a costs audit – are you leaking profit in unnecessary areas?
17403	Run by the exceptionally talented Hayley, she understands the need to keep things simple.
17404	Run in partnership with your local authority, the Merseyside Collective Switch aims to negotiate the cheapest energy tariff on the market, which will only be available to its members.
17405	Running a Survey vs. a Focus Group: What's the Best Way to Collect Customer Reviews?
17406	Runnymede Borough Council - Extra permissions for charity collections Cookies are small text files stored on your computer while you are visiting a website.
17407	Rusher stepped up to take the shot as the rest of the team positioned themselves to pounce if there were to be a rebound or deflection.
17408	Rush Kilburn has the perfect atmosphere for you to escape the hustle and bustle of Kilburn High Street.
17409	Ruskin Museum curator, Vicky Stowe, by the newly installed statue of speed ace Donald Campbell by sculptor, Graham Ball.
17410	Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has received Israeli citizenship after his British visa was not renewed, an Israeli official has said.
17411	Russian legislators have unanimously approved a bill allowing the government to register international media outlets as foreign agents.
17412	Russian National Tourist Office - "Russian Tourists Visting The UK"
17413	Russ Shaw, founder, Tech London Advocates, said: “London’s ambition to become a digital city of the future is being undermined by the limitations of the past.
17414	Russwood parquet oak flooring is available in both unfinished and pre-finished options, with a variety of colours and styles available.
17415	Rutherford finds that the written word provides additional material for reflection, for both therapist and client, but new skills are needed.
17416	Ruth Jarman and Joe Gerhardt have worked together as Semiconductor since 1999.
17417	Ruth Taylor, community ranger for Barking and Dagenham Council, said: “The English for speakers of other languages teacher from Barking and Dagenham College was very proud of her students and their contribution in helping their local environment.
17418	Ryanair has one of the biggest pay gaps – a 71.8% difference between male and female employees.
17419	Ryanair is a good airline and this article neatly explains why.
17420	Ryan Beard ran in a hat-trick, while second row Jacob Blyth was also among the raft of scorers.
17421	Ryan, Chris, Bob and the rest of the Cape May crew have been happily brewing craft beers since July 2011, producing hundreds of different varieties throughout the year.
17422	Ryan Inniss, left, celebrates with goalscorer Sean Murray during the 2-0 win over Mansfield.
17423	Ryan Jones (2), Iwan Jones, Ellis Jones and two own goals made up the rest, Joe Collier with a cracker of a consolation for the nine-man hosts.
17424	Ryedale Family History Fair on Saturday 17 August 2013 at Lady Lumley’s School, Pickering 10am to 4pm with family history societies, the County Record Office and more!
17425	Ryman League visitors Worthing came to Suffolk with Cambridge City’s scalp already under their belt and the early exchanges suggested they would push their hosts hard.
17426	Sachs Lodge is a collection of 33 one and two bedroom privately owned retirement apartments and shared facilities, designed exclusively for the over 60s.
17427	Sadd Mabel known to all as Gertie.
17428	Sadiq Khan’s promise to fund 30 extra police officers for Redbridge is most welcome.
17429	SAD is said to affect about 2 million people in the UK.
17430	Sadly, another Leninist mini-revival cannot be ruled out.
17431	Sadly, Greengate didn’t act as public baths for long.
17432	Sadly Hugh Hefner and the Playboy bunnies can't make it, so you'll have to do with the next best thing - Father Funk and Rose Rokoko's Sleazy Sisters!
17433	“Sadly I won’t be playing in Melbourne this year, as I am not yet ready to compete,” he said.
17434	Sadly mine was delivered with some dirty marks on it so ask your product to be double wrapped and delivered by a van driver who doesn`t roll items off the van!
17435	Sadly, one of the crewmen drowned during one such attempt to reach the shore; further such efforts by the crew were suspended.
17436	Sadly one was drowned in the channel, one was picked up but never flew again and Stan was stuck in the turret.
17437	Sadly passed away 11th May Aged 70 years.
17438	Sadly the corner comes to nothing but it was a wonderful pass by McCord to set-up that attack.
17439	“Sadly, there have been deaths caused by air weapons and frequently the victims are children.
17440	Sadly you will need a brave spirit not just when facing external pressures from unbelievers.
17441	Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children: Position paper.
17442	Safer Neighbourhoods Inspector for Shrewsbury and surrounding areas, Edward Hancox, said: "PC Roberts has worked extremely hard to achieve this award.
17443	Safety assurance guidance You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
17444	Saffron Building Society You must notify us of the existence of a lease of the roof space and provide the name of the tenant (see 1.11a for contact details).
17445	Sage advice, we think.
17446	Sage doesn't splash much, but Toby sure does!
17447	Sagging skin is mainly due to decreasing collagen production as skin loses its quality.
17448	Said Phil Buckle (pictured), chief executive of Electrical Safety First: “We are delighted to be co-opted on to this group.
17449	Sailing from the UK to a range of exciting destinations, you can kiss goodbye to the hassle of long flights and transfers!
17450	Sail on our elegant, award-winning Viking Longships®.
17451	Saint Laurent en Grandvaux ski b&b to rent.
17452	Saints were thankful to Marsden for seeing them home after spinners James Logan (4-52) and Adam Ahmed (3-34) caused a middle-order slump which threatened to scupper their chances of overhauling Farsley’s 160.
17453	Saira Khan, runner-up in the first series of BBC’s The Apprentice and the founder of baby skin care range Miamoo, said the service was the ”perfect solution” for self-employed women.
17454	Salads need not be boring.
17455	Salah, Firmino and Mane have just been unstoppable and I think they can easily score three against Arsenal’s defence.
17456	Salamanca, home to one of Europe’s oldest universities, boasts a wealth of lovely buildings and a highly ornate style of architecture known as Plateresque.
17457	Salary recovery costs Staff costs of applicants, departmental support staff (secretarial support, librarians, general lab support staff) and other staff currently funded full-time by HEFCE or the employing institution.
17458	'Sale of Goods Act 1979' shall mean the Sale of Goods Act 1979 as amended by the Sale and Supply of Goods Act 1994 and any other statutory amendment.
17459	Salesforce may well be one amongst many excellent options, or indeed have been superseded by ‘the next big thing’.
17460	Salesfusion collects information about your use of our site.
17461	Sales of The Sun on Sunday fell 12.1 per cent (versus 8.7 per cent for the Sunday Mirror).
17462	Sales spiked once again as customers saw the quality of the homes for themselves.
17463	Saleyha featured in Panorama's Saving Syria's Children observing the life of medics and their patients during the war in 2013.
17464	Salim Mehajer has mocked Pauline Hanson in a video on Saturday, showing himself at a shooting range.
17465	Sal LaBarbera, known as the “LA Murder Cop,” is a retired LAPD homicide detective and former LAPD Senior Homicide Supervisor.
17466	Sally had her first psychic experience at the age of four when she saw her first ghost and has grown up with the ability to receive messages from spirit world.
17467	Sal Rei in particular sees lots of revelry and dancing – it won't be hard to find new friends to celebrate with.
17468	Samara Polished Marble 61x40.6cm are large format Marble tiles, where soft beige shades and light grey veins mix beautifully together to give a modern feel.
17469	Sam Beverley (Year 9, Fourth form) won a gold medal in the 100m fly, with a time of 1.01.64.
17470	Sambhaji (1657-89) was the eldest son of Sivaji, leader of the Hindu Deccani resistance to Aurangzebâ€™s assault on the kingdoms of the Deccan.
17471	Same-day booking for brake overhaul and MoT.
17472	Same happens to me.
17473	Sam has a keen interest in music and carpentry, which recently lead him to design and build his own Telecaster styled guitar and begin writing his own music.
17474	Sam has many achievements which includes British U12 Halfpipe Champion.
17475	Sam Hoskins went close for the visitors, with a powerful effort, and Powell had already had a shot saved by Tomas Holy.
17476	Sami throws him out of the ring on the second attempt and lands a somersault plancha.
17477	Sam Meikle, founder of Spark the Difference, said: “When we use health and social care services, these can be some of the darkest days of our lives.
17478	Sample schemes of work would then be available for schools to purchase.
17479	Samples of cockles, mussels, oysters and clams are also hand gathered from the shore at various locations.
17480	Sam says he also finds painting ‘therapeutic.’
17481	SAMS contributes expertise to the development of standards for the preservation and exchange of biological material, as well as IT and data management.
17482	Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) is built for being on the go, with dual messenger and a crisp camera, while the expandable memory of the means you can keep all your photos, music and videos in your pocket.
17483	Samuel, who wears hearing aids full-time, added: ‘It is hardest when everybody is shouting.
17484	Sanchez Ming fired them in front five minutes before the break, and second-half goals from Dipo Akinyemi and Nyren Clunis (right) moved them two points ahead of Billericay and Folkestone in the table.
17485	Sandals are a beach's best friend and will keep you feeling comfy, but looking hot to trot all day long.
17486	Sand and sandbags should be purchased before they are needed, as supplies are likely to sell out if a flood is imminent.
17487	Sander’s looking forward to casually seducing her…little knowing that one night with the innocent Tally could end his playboy existence…
17488	Sandi managed to get rid of all my bad driving habits and prepared me for my test.
17489	Sandros Voros, after he had turned against the Communists, claimed that officers and soldiers of the International Brigades were 'implacably executed following Kremlin orders'.
17490	Sandy Brown, director of nursing and clinical quality, announced his retirement to staff and volunteers after nearly 30 years in the NHS.
17491	Sanitary ware designed by them was appreciated in various countries.
17492	Sanitation in emergency contexts must consider a diverse range of social, environmental, cultural and economic parameters.
17493	Santone was speaking during a cultural meeting between patients, artists and the community in general, organised by the Infulene Psychiatric Hospital and CIES, to celebrate the 110th anniversary of the elevation of Maputo to the status of a city.
17494	Sapphires were another popular item, but again out of the reach of apprentices.
17495	Sara Carter is the theme leader for the “Enterprise & Diversity” workstream at the UK’s Enterprise Research Centre and co-Chair of the British Bankers Association Diversity & Inclusion Business Council.
17496	Sarah Butters completed a 6 month Wool Residency at White House Farm in 2017.
17497	Sarah Cawood,Jeff Capes, Giz from the Prodigy and Radio One DJ Westwood.
17498	Sarah Coles, personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, says: 'Savers have been long overdue some good news.
17499	Sarah do you go out when the children's dad comes?
17500	Sarah Hanly appears hot on the heels of her own 5-star show, Purple Snowflakes.
17501	Sarah has the gift.”
17502	Sarah is Hartpury's first ever Great British International rower.
17503	Sarah Newton, minister of state for disabled people, health and work, said: “Everyone should be able to go as far as their talents can take them at work, and we are determined to provide extra tailored support to those who need it.
17504	Sarah Shalgosky trained as an art historian and has worked with contemporary art ever since in museums and galleries across the UK.
17505	Sarah Taylor, Community Sports Officer at Better, said: “Whether you are there for two minutes or 20 minutes it all helps beat our rivals in Oxford – and more importantly it will help raise money for a great cause.
17506	“Sarah, we would also appeal to you to come forward, let us know you are okay and go home.”
17507	Saravanan, PonnusamyVaradhan, LakshminarayananQuality of diabetes care worldwide and feasibility of implementation of the Alphabet Strategy : GAIA project (Global Alphabet Strategy Implementation Audit).
17508	Sarcoma is one of the cancers least understood by the general public and GPs, and an aim of Sarcoma Awareness Week is to drive awareness of the disease and its symptoms.
17509	Sash window to side and two sash windows to front.
17510	Satdeep Grewal is Impact Evaluation Analyst at Citizens Advice.
17511	• Sat-nav or a printed route for an unfamiliar journey.
17512	SATURDAY NIGHT, The House of Lords returned last night to the Punishment of Death Bill.
17513	Sausages are likely to have wheat in (maybe written as 'rusk' on the label).
17514	Save £12 per person by pre-booking your FREE tickets today.
17515	Save money on park and time wasted trying to get in & out of the ground.
17516	Save more with an eco-friendly, fuel-efficient or hybrid car.
17517	Savers reaching retirement will face a landscape that is more complex and will need support in making the right choices.
17518	Save space and give guests the 5-star treatment with a new sofa bed.
17519	Saves them the expense of printing and distributing their averts I pay for their adverts!
17520	Save yourself the hassle of buying your train tickets to Norton Bridge Station Drive from your local station, and buy your cheap train tickets to Norton Bridge Station Drive online from MyTrainTicket.
17521	Savill was joined by Henry Hazlewood, who helped him add 30 for the second wicket before falling for sixteen at the end of the seventeenth over.
17522	Saving refers to monthly outgoings – stretching unsecured debts over a longer term despite the rate being much lower, could result in you paying more interest in total.
17523	Saving regularly (e.g. every month) into an account.
17524	Savings will be effective immediately.
17525	Saving your data in one or more places does not guarantee its longevity.
17526	Savvy cruise lines know that they can't present the same product year after year and hope to keep travelers engaged and motivated to book that next sailing.
17527	Saw some splendid work by gunners driving ammunition lorries up through shell fire (12 September 1916).
17528	Saw them last year at Shepherds Bush but this gig which much more intimate and the band more accessible.
17529	Say hello to fantastic service and bye to empty promises.
17530	Says it all that a 17 year old is the stand out player amongst a team of 'men' they should be embarrassed that a kid was so much better than them.
17531	Scaffolding have the knowledge and the experience to take on all aspects of scaffolding.
17532	Scale the likes of Skiddaw and Scafell Pike and bask in hard-won panoramas over the glittering tarns below.
17533	Scan through the biggest brands at discounted prices of at least 10% off and receive a large saving on your first grocery shop.
17534	Scary times, when you are not at your best to deal with it!
17535	Scenic Stockholm is nestled where Lake Mälaren’s cobalt waters meet the Baltic.
17536	Schedule 5 of the Representation of the People Act 19837 covers the use of meeting rooms in school premises for parliamentary elections.
17537	Schedule : Expect disruption everyday between 09:00 and 16:00 from 30 May 2018 to 15 June 2018.6.37 miles from Lower Broughton.
17538	Schedule : Expect disruption everyday between 20:00 and 06:00 from 11 June 2018 to 16 June 2018.6.32 miles from Redditch.
17539	Schedule : From 20:00 on 30 August 2018 to 06:00 on 31 August 2018.4.92 miles from Edgbaston.
17540	Schedule : From 20:00 on 3 June 2018 to 06:00 on 13 June 2018.5.98 miles from Thirsk.
17541	Schema errors occur where there is a problem with the structure or order of the file, or an invalid character is included.
17542	Schemes like loyalty cards have their place on the high street, but have regularly proven inadequate for automotive retailing.
17543	Schemes or opportunities may not be specific to researchers but those involved are likely to be accustomed to working with researchers.
17544	School admissions appeals Browser does not support script.
17545	Schoolchildren from primary schools in Tobermore and Kilross have taken part in our “Draw Your Dream Home” competition, part of a programme of events to help decide if new social or.
17546	Schools, especially secondary schools, face real challenges in retaining and developing their teachers.
17547	‘Schools should take advantage of the opportunities offered by high levels of parental interest, by developing information and communication strategies which reflect an ‘outreach mentality’.
17548	Schools that are built under the government’s Building Schools for the Future programme will have to meet new minimum design standards, it was announced yesterday.
17549	Schools will have to spend the sport funding on improving their provision of PE and sport, but they will have the freedom to choose how they do this.
17550	School - Why St John's?
17551	School Workforce Development - what is the cost?
17552	Science blog - coffee and cancer, what does the evidence say?
17553	Scientists at the University of York have discovered for the first time that the sequence of exposure to pesticides and pollutants – not just the dosage - significantly affects the levels of toxicity for surrounding wildlife.
17554	Scientists have developed a new way to see inside individual cells, and study how they move and operate inside the human body.
17555	Scientists melted a tiny bore hole through 300 metres of ice in a slowly yet constantly moving Antarctic ice shelf.
17556	Scientists will incorporate the new findings into computer models used to project the glacier’s future.
17557	Scole are up to third after a 2-1 home win over bottom side Loddon.
17558	Sc., O.St.J., B. Pagett, D. Rowberry; and Chief Accountant Revenue Services.
17559	Scotland boss Gordon Strachan calls for calm ahead of crunch World Cup qualifiers: 'We have to stay focused'
17560	Scotland’s fishing industry turns its attention back to the day-to-day business of catching fish during a two-day event in Aberdeen later this week.
17561	Scotland’s largest conservation charity, the National Trust for Scotland has welcomed decisive action taken by Roseanna Cunningham, Cabinet Secretary for the Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform.
17562	Scottish Borders Council are now uploading their Licensing notices to tellmescotland - www.tellmescotland.gov.uk/notices/scottish-borders/licensing/ You can sign up to receive text or email alerts to.
17563	Scottish Chambers of Commerce chief executive Liz Cameron said the "UK labour market continues to display resilience and growth".
17564	Scottish Government Ferries Review - 5 October 2010OIC's response to the Scottish Government Ferries Review consultation.
17565	Scottish International Education Trust is an education authority covering a variety of educational establishments and opportunities.
17566	Scottish Parliament to debate forestry Modern forestry and wood is the sustainable sector of the 21st century: producing a green material while improving the way we use our land.
17567	ScottishPower believes in putting the customer at the heart of what we do.
17568	ScottishPower has unveiled a new fixed-price energy deal, promising set prices for longer than any other energy supplier.
17569	Scottish Water is a publicly-owned company answerable to the Scottish Government, responsible for providing the delivery of fresh drinking water to all households in Scotland and also the removal of waste water and surface water every day.
17570	Scott's manuscript diaries were given to the nation by his family and are held in the British Library.
17571	Screening a yeast wild-type cDNA library by means of comparative hybridization we find that CTD truncation preferentially reduces transcription of genes encoding glycolytic enzymes.
17572	Screens are often provided to discourage the entry of insects.
17573	Scroll down to explore the opportunities as a RAF Regiment Officer in the RAF.
17574	Scroll through our gallery to read more.
17575	Seabirds are the visible tip of the iceberg when it comes to the vast marine ecosystem.
17576	Sea fishing along the Humber bank is free, and along foreshore to Tetney Lock.
17577	Seagate barracuda 3Tb life expectancy is 2 years; confirmed by customer service.
17578	SealCam will hugely enhance our photo identification of seals here and enable us to make a greater number of links with other sites around the Cornish coast and Celtic Sea.
17579	Sealing screens, which are included with each hand shower, must not be replaced by normal seals.
17580	Seaman kicked right into the corner after an infringement.
17581	Seams are not actually sealed.
17582	Sean, 12 years old, was acting as a classroom assistant for another teacher.
17583	Sean Bell has a nasty injury which is unfortunate as he has been a tremendous stalwart for us, while Jack Wilkinson has a hamstring problem.
17584	Sean Hammond added, “In challenging business markets, franchising continues to flourish and franchisors are adding value more than ever to their business model.
17585	Sean Kelly, 45, from Dumfries, worked as a plumber on the first plot of the housing development in 2006.
17586	Search and compare all major airlines, low cost airlines and travel agents for Bosnia and Herzegovina flights.
17587	Search for your local Citizens Advice service.
17588	Search the Registered Competent Person database for an electrician in Newburgh.
17589	Search the Registered Competent Person database for an electrician in Trawden.
17590	Seasonal fun at Lodge Park.
17591	Season the chicken and place in a pre heated oven at 200 degrees.
17592	Season tickets are often valid by multiple routes, so can be used to travel to different places.
17593	Season with a small pinch of salt and pepper if you want.
17594	Seating is on a first come first served basis so please arrive early.
17595	“Seats are by allocation for this hearing.”
17596	Seb Herrod takes the win on Littlebury Hill at the Eastern League Road Races at Wenden’s Ambo.
17597	Secondary glazing is a particularly efficient means of insulating fenestration.
17598	Second City Boats in Birmingham provides educational public and private tours of the city’s vast network of canals.
17599	Second floor family bedroom with two doubles, 2’6” single, 2’6” mattress and child’s cot bed.
17600	Secondly check that all of your contact details are correct.
17601	Secondly, if the government can subsidise firms why can’t it provide money to pay for union demands – like pensions?
17602	Secondly, in women with GDM, the risk of developing type two diabetes in those with mental disorder versus those without will be compared.
17603	Secondly through strategic zip placement, the wearer is able to manoeuvre the opening and access breathable air when necessary.
17604	Second, there could be pitfalls if annuity holders are not able to make well-informed decisions about whether to sell or not.
17605	Second year pupils spent a week learning about Syria, with classes ranging from cooking Syrian biscuits in Home Economics to listening to Syrian music and even learning to count in Arabic.
17606	Secretary of State for Exiting the EU, agreed with Conservative that the government should secure the right to negotiate and sign free trade deals during an implementation period (to come into effect afterwards).
17607	Sectarianism, especially in relation to football, remains one of the least attractive aspects of modern Scotland.
17608	Section 106 - data.
17609	Section 1 (3) of the Firearms Act 1968, as amended by Section 2 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, defines the types of smooth bore guns which may be held on a shotgun certificate.
17610	Section 790ZB makes provision equivalent to section 790U.
17611	Secured loans are tied to your property putting it at risk, here is how they work.
17612	Secure Trust Bank does it again with a hat-trick of deals next to each other in the charts – this time paying 2.66% over five years to sit in fourth place.
17613	Securing the finance to make these improvements has been our ambition from the beginning and when we came across Triodos Bank, it seemed like a perfect match.
17614	Security Officer - Licensed Role, North West, Lancashire, Blackburn – Jobs24.
17615	See art, textiles, leatherwork and even a guitar in Brighton at the illustrator's exhibition.
17616	See contact details at the end of this page.
17617	See dates, agendas and documents for council meetings.
17618	Seed Potato Crop Register can be filtered and is linked to AHDB Potatoes Variety Database and to the Producer Register which contains quick links to producer’s crops and contact details.
17619	See individual subject pages for details of endorsed resources.
17620	Seeing Ben turn away, Alina thinks that Ben is not interested in her.
17621	Seeing how much of their budget they have left will also be more straightforward.
17622	Seeing progress and results are a huge motivator for me.
17623	Seeing the person you love, become more and more ill can leave you feeling frightened and helpless.
17624	“Seeing the reaction from my friends and brother was definitely something that got me through it.
17625	Seeking opportunities throughout the UK for internal or export sales.
17626	Seeking that perfect present to get your little ones even more excited for the big day?
17627	Seek out hard-to-reach places like ceiling lights, coat pockets, egg cartons and hide some amongst your buffet treats.
17628	See Lynch, 2017, for the remarkable story of how Britain started to line up with Trump (via his son-in-law Jared Kushner) over Middle East policy even before Obama had left the White House.
17629	Seems to be a problem here, the good ole boys don't like it when their predudice is exposed.
17630	See my website for detailed map and latest information.
17631	Seen through his own eyes, young horse lovers will be swept up in his incredible journey from a peaceful paddock to the streets of London.
17632	See our live blog below for further updates as we get them.
17633	See our pages on staying safe online for more information.
17634	See our prices page for all the courses we offer.
17635	See our projections and update your draft cheat sheets.
17636	See our top tips to help you protect your family's finances if you choose not to marry.
17637	See pictures of the day and watch Tim du Feu being interviewed by ITV about the Ride's success.
17638	See the bluebells in the private gardens of Inveraray Castle, witness the Jailbreak run on 14 May and enjoy the music at the George Hotel Bluebell Music Festival to round off the month.
17639	See the delivery options you can choose from and find out how to return items.
17640	See the film before anyone else with an exclusive online preview.
17641	See what some of our students have achieved.
17642	See which words begin with these phonemes.
17643	See who's a member of our leading Enterprise Fellowship, which supports young entrepreneurs by passing on experience and expertise.
17644	Sefton Council is leading on developing a new and exciting vision for the future of the borough and wants anyone who lives, works or visits Sefton to get involved.
17645	Selahattin Demirta and Figen Yüksekda, co-leaders of Turkey’s pro-Kurdish HDP party, were arrested last year because of their reluctance to give evidence over “terrorist propaganda.”
17646	Select a school from the alphabetical menu above or, in the box below, type in any part of the school name and click '
17647	Select Backlight and you can use the slider to ramp it right up.
17648	Selected as one of the first 20 licensees, worldwide, to hold a Fairtrade gold licence.
17649	Select has been part of the Port Arcades Shopping Centre in Ellesmere Port for several years.
17650	Selection criteria were often heavily gendered.
17651	Select products from a wide range of brands to always bring the best quality to the table.
17652	Select the 'close position' option within the positions window.
17653	Select the correct name in the ‘Employer’ menu on the home page.
17654	Select the desired room element under “Colours” in the menu on the left in the second step, “Room”.
17655	Select the folder you want to delete.
17656	Select the number of guest from the drop-down menu.
17657	Select your area.
17658	Select your card from the list.
17659	Select your choice of petrol or diesel engine, automatic or manual gearbox, and include useful extras such as Sat Nav, child seats or additional driver coverage.
17660	Self-care is part of daily living and means taking responsibility for your own health and wellbeing and that of your family, friends and community.
17661	Self-discipline, willingness to work hard and a fair dose of luck.
17662	Self referrals are not available at this point.
17663	Selima’s private cloud (via Secura Hosting Ltd) is a highly secure and resilient environment that hosts payroll software and data for numerous organisations.
17664	SELL, BUY or RENT your home through Sharman Quinney Yaxley.
17665	Sellers are required by law to provide a home report for buyers.
17666	Selling links is against Google policy, but.
17667	Selling or letting your property in the New Year?
17668	Sell on all 5 of Amazon’s European Marketplaces & manage from a single pool.
17669	Semi-detached bungalow for sale - This immaculately well presented with walk in condition one bedroom semi detached true bungalow situated on a popular location of Radcliffe, close by to local amenities and transport networks.
17670	Semi rural with links to London 35 mins, shops bars and restaurants, great views and walks and near all tourist.
17671	Senate Electrical is a supplier of electrical products including lighting, security, automation, communication and renewable energies.
17672	Senders were getting Error 554. does anyone know why?
17673	Senior is working towards encrypting all data in databases at rest.
17674	Senior Lecturer/Associate Professor/Professor in Control Science/Engineering - Zhejiang University - jobs.
17675	Sensors and Instrumentation Centre has an established international reputation in the areas of measurement and instrumentation, sensor development, optical systems and photonics, computer vision, medical imaging and biomedical engineering.
17676	Sentinel chemicals include intelligent formulation with pH stabilisers.
17677	SEO takes time to show actual results so a communication strategy is vital.
17678	Separate who they are from what they do by saying, "I love you and always will, but I don’t love what you’re doing."
17679	Seperate utility room.
17680	September 2012 saw a new record in company registrations in Enfield when compared to any previous September.
17681	September 22nd, 2018 - Events - Atherton - Whats on - Atherton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
17682	Sergio Ramos insists critics should never write off Real Madrid after crucial PSG win: 'You can never take Madrid for dead'
17683	Series of horrendous potholes as you proceed along the Great Lime Road by the junction where the racecourse exit is.
17684	“Serious concerns about pupils’ welfare have not been passed on to the local authority,” it said.
17685	Serious Illness Cover Booster gives even more help coping with the long-term effects of some serious illnesses.
17686	Serotype 1 and 8 pneumococci are known to be associated with outbreaks of invasive disease.
17687	Served in the lounge and library, the hotel can also provide a selection of board games to keep families entertained long past dinner time.
17688	Serve in tea cups with ice cubes and garnish with fresh mint.
17689	Server compatibility can be ensured by Contao check.
17690	Servevast Support Portal - SFP140S Disabling the child lock mode Our question and answer portal contains all sorts of useful information about SMEG & Franke appliances such as cleaning, general usage, error codes, tips and simple fixes.
17691	Servevast Support Portal - Water left in the base Our question and answer portal contains all sorts of useful information about SMEG & Franke appliances such as cleaning, general usage, error codes, tips and simple fixes.
17692	Serve with a crisp green salad.
17693	Service intervals vary according to which vehicles you have, but typically you should have them serviced at least once a year.
17694	Service rating : I came into Jordans knowing I wanted a Fiat 500. I was walking around the forecourt and a salesman came up to me and showed me some lovely cars, one of which was perfect for me.
17695	Services include computerised bookkeeping (Sage) to trial balance, bank reconciliation, Payroll, final accounts and VAT returns.
17696	Services offered include 'quick-clean office trash and furniture removal' and 'green self storage units cleared'.
17697	Services should aim to offer people choice in appointment time, gender of therapist and type of therapy (within those recommended by NICE for their problem).
17698	Services towards Manchester: Level access through a kissing gate from Ferndale Avenue, or down 30 steps from Moorland Road bridge to the ticket office then through an 87cm wide gate and along a ramp (25 paces, 1:15 slope) onto the platform.
17699	Services were being planned to respond to increases in demand, staff capacity and patient needs.
17700	Services within a given area, which are essential for its functioning, such as roads, water, electricity etc.
17701	Service top-notch in all respects from wait staff to cabin attendants/butlers to cruise director and his staff.
17702	Service users at Galloway’s Society for the Blind, based in Penwortham, were invited to Three Sisters Circuit, in Ashton, to drive with an instructor.
17703	Serving food as well as cocktails, this pub looks set to stay.
17704	Serving quality, authentic Italian food, with great value for money and exceptional, friendly service.
17705	Session cookies are added to your machine as you surf websites.
17706	Sessions are 60 or 90 mins long Reduced rates available.
17707	Sessions explore topics such as poetry, chemistry, art, critical thinking and careers and aspirations.
17708	Sessions start 2 November 2017, 5-8pm.
17709	Sessions with a trained professional genetic counsellor will be geared towards preparing you for a test and its results.
17710	Set 213 to win, Malikarjuna Nesha (62) and Mohammad Rahman (30) gave them hope of recording victory.
17711	Set in 40 hectares (100 acres) of countryside there are apple orchards, charming woodland and riverside walks.
17712	Set in a generous plot of ground in a Woodland setting, and offering generous, well apportioned but fabulously spacious accommodation.
17713	Set in a quiet location and in its own grounds, Kerria Court has single en-suite rooms.
17714	Set in a rural and tranquil setting.
17715	Set in lovely countryside just a few miles from the Highland capital, Inverness, this wonderfully presented, cosy holiday cottage is perfectly placed for touring the scenic beauty of the area.
17716	Set in the heart of the West Sussex countryside, Grittenham Barn offers you the perfect place to tie the knot.
17717	Set in the picturesque Usk Valley, this quiet family run site is 1 and 1/2 miles from the bustling town of Abergavenny.
17718	Set on its own peninsula in Snowdonia, No 6 Festival is known for its Italianate location surrounded by estuary, mountains and woodlands.
17719	Set on the edge of Mayfield with views over the River Dove, this luxury apartment has been upgraded to a high standard throughout an an internal viewing is highly recommended.
17720	Set out below are quarterly lists of all purchase orders and ongoing contracts the council has made of more than £5,000.
17721	Set out in chronological order in the form of a "Time Tunnel" the museum gives visitors "a trip down memory lane", and to see how the brands around us have evolved from the naive charm of Victorian times to the greater sophistication of today.
17722	Set over an area of 40 square miles of countryside and with over 140 lakes, mostly created by gravel extraction, Cotswolds Water Park simply has something for everyone.
17723	Set the Authentication to Password.
17724	Set the front for negative Camber to give the front more grip and help with oversteer.
17725	Setting and control of the machine equipment.
17726	Setting up a bank account in your new home country before you emigrate can make things much easier (and cheaper) for you once you arrive.
17727	Setting up a direct debit to pay your weekly rent on time can keep you out of arrears.
17728	Setting up tickets to sell for events on Backline is really simple and can be done on desktop or via our On Sale app.
17729	Set-up in ilford the company has many years experience in the Estate Agency business.
17730	Set up is very like any family home, with all modern conveniences, plenty of bathroom space, and a lovely garden.
17731	Seven network operators currently offer premium rate services: BT, Mercury Communications, Norweb Communications, Orange (proprietary service only), Scottish Telecom, Torch Telecom and Vodata.
17732	Sevenoaks elected to kick the penalty – 20-14.
17733	Several hundred others, sitting in the road, started to chant rhythmically at the police, 'Helmets off, helmets off.'
17734	Several later developments extended the administration of poor relief to bodies other than the Vestry.
17735	Several noise complaints have also been received leading to the council issuing an abatement notice and then a community protection warning.
17736	“Several of the period details remain, such as fireplaces and picture rails, and it would make the perfect project for someone wanting to put their own stamp on a property.”
17737	Several of us drew a bucket of sea water and had a bath with salt water soap on the deck.
17738	Several paintings are displayed in public areas of the ERO building, and digital images of many others are available, both on Art UK and on our Flickr pages.
17739	Several people have noted the similarity of the orbit to that of P/Shoemaker 4 (1994 J3) and it may be of short period.
17740	Several points occur as a consequence.
17741	Several stakeholders requested the opportunity for further discussions on the impact of these changes, which we will take forward with the businesses concerned.
17742	Several times over!’
17743	Severn Trent Water improved the safety of 500 employees by introducing a new system for managing manual handling activities.
17744	Sex, according to Philip Larkin, was invented in 1963.
17745	"Sex is a big thing.
17746	Sex is a terrific physical way to show love and express intimacy but communicating love through words, gestures, actions and affection is equally as important.
17747	SFC collects personal data of students in Scotland’s colleges in order to carry out our public tasks.
17748	SFS submitted a RTI tax return for months 1 to 8 of tax year 2014/15 and assessments were raised for months 9 to 12. £4,534 remained outstanding.
17749	Sgt Jones added: “Please help keep your communities safe this spring and summer by reporting these dangerous anti-social problems to the police via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
17750	Shachtman was thus being perfectly consistent when he wrote in 1962, after citing the classical Marxian prediction `socialism or barbarism': `Stalinism is that new barbarism'.
17751	Shakespeare in Stratford - from Windows on Warwickshire and the Shakespeare Birthplace TrustThomas Hornby faced the Court of Record today, battling to avoid liability for his friend's debts.
17752	Shall we open the door to the lot?
17753	Shame I didn’t get to meet you but hope you had a fab night?
17754	Shape follows the Social Model of Disability, which appeals to me because it problematises a medical or religion-based approach to disability that might confuse art-making with a form of self help, or outsider therapy.
17755	Share and be heard.
17756	Shared driveway leading to property with neighbour.
17757	Shared Lives carers welcome adults from the community into their own homes.
17758	Shared Parental Pay (ShPP) is the flat rate of £140.98 (or 90% of average earnings, whichever is lower) for a maximum of 37 weeks.
17759	Share Radio is promoted on social media, and we welcome any opportunity to place a widget link on other websites.
17760	Share Radio, the station designed to help people through the money maze, is now accessible directly from your iPad.
17761	Shares in JD Wetherspoon finished higher at 12.4% as the pub group reported a rise in full-year sales and profits.
17762	Share the driving experience with our free additional driver special offer in New Jersey.
17763	Share the post "Mr Blue-Sky-Thinker: visit the Ove Arup exhibition at the V&A"
17764	Share your experience of Environmental Project Management with thousands of people each day.
17765	Sharing and aggression occurred within triadic episodes at the same rates as they did in episodes overall.
17766	Sharing your press release beyond your owned properties is key to successful multichannel promotion.
17767	Sharon entered the Beauty industry in 1987 and has worked in salons throughout the North West.
17768	Sharpens the output after the stitching is completed.
17769	Sharpen your knowledge of risk and responsible banking with this 4-day course from Euromoney Financial Training.
17770	“Sharps and glass were collected by adults in a plastic bucket.”
17771	Shauna's mother Maria Leggatt said her daughter was "healthy and happy" but had began experimenting with alcohol at 14 and cannabis around six months before her death.
17772	Shawbrook Bank and the RAC launch what they believe is a first for the UK car finance market with a new flexible loan product.
17773	Shayer also sits on the Equality and Diversity steering group.
17774	She added: "As ever, we couldn't put on these events without our sponsors and we have a number of exciting opportunities for people to support the event in 2018."
17775	She added that while the coroner found that she had died as a result of non-dependent abuse of drugs, it had been reported simply that she died “due to abuse of drugs”.
17776	She added: “This time last week I was wondering what we’d be having for dinner, now I’m wondering what to do with a million quid.”
17777	She adds: “Embrace every activity, participate a lot and ask lots of questions, it doesn’t matter how silly you think they are.
17778	She advises anyone currently suffering from the flu to take painkillers and drink plenty of fluids.
17779	She also agreed there was an urgent need to simplify communications, and that the pensions dashboard should be provided by one independent source.
17780	She also agreed to accept further conditions at the hearing.
17781	She also said that I was an easy going person, not demanding and I would find someone else( which also gave me a great boost).
17782	She also taught at Coventry Business School and various colleges.
17783	She and her husband had never talked publicly about their children, specifically to avoid unwanted attention on them.
17784	She appears regularly on behalf of defendants in hearings at all stages throughout the country.
17785	She blamed 'confusion around government air quality plans and taxation' for plummeting diesel sales.
17786	She can live with children 11 years old and above.
17787	She confirmed that she had created the attendance lists.
17788	She continues to conduct fieldwork on language contact situations, in particular Somali and German as heritage languages in the UK.
17789	She could definitely benefit from some lead work!
17790	She could only respond by remaining on stage, clapping aimlessly while her backing track continued to play.
17791	She covered our wedding, our first and second sons’ early days and now has flown out to capture our latest adventure in Switzerland.
17792	She crossed as the first vet 40 runner in 89th overall.
17793	She describes it as "not being the best Valentine’s Day present I’d ever received but at least I finally knew why I had been feeling ill for so long".
17794	"She did 15 years in the amateurs, won a gold medal, was a world champion.
17795	She did, after all, rise to prominence alongside Kenny Everett, a man so over the top he regularly reached the bottom.
17796	She did say however that “some of the larger” charities, the British Heart Foundation included, should be “thinking about merging, thinking about sharing back office stuff, thinking about doing things more efficiently and better.”
17797	She died in 1982 at the age of ninety-two.
17798	She echoed right wing accusations of “factionalism” made against the left.
17799	She enjoys walking her jack russell Roxy, spending time with her partner and taking on large DIY projects!
17800	Sheets and towels as well as pots, pans and dishes are available!
17801	Sheets were changed once in the week, towels twice.
17802	She explained that she’d taken out the insurance policy through a comparison website.
17803	She explained: “The wristband has been a huge weight lifted of my shoulders.
17804	She explains how she honed her skills, where she trained and the dedication that set her apart from the crowd - and even inspired a character in the BBC's Monarch of the Glen.
17805	She explains that the project’s green-hay harvesting machine gets bunged up in the wet, just like a lawn mower.
17806	Sheffield Country Market is open every Saturday 9am - noon.
17807	Sheffield Hallam's successful application was a joint bid with The University of Manchester.
17808	She finished by explaining that she decided to speak out at the PLP meeting on that Monday because she felt ‘alienated from the party’ at the Labour leadership conference on the Saturday, when not a single woman stood up and spoke from the stage.
17809	She greeted us when we arrived and was very approachable should there have been any problem.
17810	She had been coming to St Michael’s churchyard every day ever since.
17811	She had been paying for a considerable period, and she believed that she had paid off the fine.
17812	She had no idea he had been approached… or accepted the job.
17813	She had seen an advert locally for a summer ‘Rock School’ workshop and took a leap of faith to go along.
17814	She had shipped one over from Venice in the early 1900s, complete with handsome gondolier.
17815	She had TV & Telephone through Virgin Media, I got in touch with them to let them know she was not there & asked them to cancel her contract, as she will not be returning home.
17816	She has a 36-year old sister Rebecca English, who works in marketing in Wilmslow, a 17-year old brother, Eliot, at Sir John Deane’s College and an eight-year-old brother, Theo, at Hale Prep.
17817	She has a caring and empathetic approach and is dedicated to achieving the best outcome for her clients.
17818	She has a lifelong interest in plants and has written for The Garden, the monthly journal of the Royal Horticultural Society.
17819	She has also overheard snide comments being made about bisexual people, but she feels she can’t challenge this directly without coming out.
17820	She has an MSc in psychology from the Warsaw School of Social Sciences and Humanities and a Diploma in investment compliance.
17821	She has became the company's Marketing and Development Manager in 2014.
17822	She has broad experience of both negotiation and implementation of EU Directives and latterly worked at the Takeover Panel.
17823	She has even treated me!
17824	She has experience with personal injury claims involving road traffic accidentsgeneral accident claims in both the Sheriff Court and the Court of Session.
17825	She has, for some time, been exploring a particular agricultural site as the source of material which she collects as it is unearthed in the normal course of farming and managing this landscape.
17826	She has helped cover last minute sick calls and no shows.
17827	She has led over 200 school and community-based research projects in the UK and internationally and has published extensively in the area of children’s breakfast clubs and holiday hunger.
17828	She has obtained her mother's birth certificate and the mother's parents (Cyril and Mary Clayton) are listed as having lived at Hob Barn Cottage, Shultern Lane, Coventry.
17829	She has the most beautiful nature and is a real magical part of the fairy party theme.
17830	She heads the Economic Justice team in Oxfam, which works across agricultural and urban contexts, promoting approaches that prioritise more resilient development, women's economic empowerment, inclusive markets, and tackle root causes of inequality.
17831	She holds a meeting with internal stakeholders, including those responsible for service delivery, finance and legal advice.
17832	She holds an MBA from the University of Wales and an MPH from the Cardiff University School of Medicine.
17833	She is also experienced at working with children who have emotional and behavioural difficulties, and where there is a history of trauma.
17834	She is a member of the IAEBP (International Association of Evidence Based Psychotherapists) and as such adheres to their strict codes of practice and ethics including respecting complete confidentiality for every client.
17835	She is an astro-physicist, and has previously managed a successful manufacturing business.
17836	She is a trained medical doctor, with the power to assemble and disassemble anything, including people.
17837	She is concerned the project may have to be redone when the Flood Alleviation Scheme works finally commence in the future - a view supported by fellow councillor, Chris Smyth.
17838	She is currently working towards a degree in Creative Writing at the University of Glasgow.
17839	She is from Kent and I was more than happy to move here after the season.
17840	“She is having a great season and I’m excited to continue to work with her in the future.”
17841	She is married with a young son and the whole family has a passion for tennis.
17842	She isn't a big opera fan and does not know the piece, and absolutely loved it too.
17843	She is particularly interested in childcare and education policies, mental health in schools and social inequality.
17844	She is specialist in research-based, high-level facilitation of cross-sector dialogues that aim to achieve better alignment between corporate and public interests.
17845	She is wearing blinkers for the first time.
17846	She is well experienced in working with a wide range of difficulties such as: Interpersonal issues, Coping with Life Changes, Emotional Difficulties, Trauma/Abuse, Stress/Depression, Cultural Issues, Difficulty Managing Chronic Illness.
17847	She is working with the owners of the Signal Corps station and ARL to develop and implement preservation plans.
17848	She kept a note of every transaction in a large blue book and never charged any interest for the service.
17849	She knew that I was looking to make bread myself from scratch and suggested that I join one of her courses.
17850	Shelter attributes the rise in child homelessness, now at its highest level in ten years, partially to the ‘worsening housing crisis’ gripping the nation.
17851	Shelter believes that these proposals, if implemented, are likely to drive up the need for civil legal aid rather than reduce it and therefore increase costs to the taxpayer further down the line.
17852	Shelter would like to see rent increases within five-year tenancies.
17853	Shelton Lower School, based in Upper Shelton, was rated Good in its last Ofsted inspection, with ‘Personal development, behaviour and welfare’ rated as Outstanding.
17854	She married Matthew LANCASTER.
17855	She mentions that many of the sisters went on to active service in Russia and asks to be sent there too.
17856	She might’ve purchased the product, she might not have, but she’s on our mailing list, and she … There are some grandmas who are tuning in and loving our product.
17857	She moved on to run a business unit at AOL Time Warner.
17858	She needs to go to the toilet at night, but social services decide they can’t afford to send someone to help her.
17859	Shenfield is situated in the Essex borough of Brentwood and represents a quiet and prestigious haven ideally located for London and the East Anglian coast.
17860	She once cycled 220 miles in one day and will be running with her boyfriend and mum at VitalityMove.
17861	She oversees our communications, media and business planning teams.
17862	She played piano, guitar and was never without her ukulele.
17863	She previously obtained BEng Honours First Degree (top student) from the University of Nottingham.
17864	She produces workshops, theatre and events with the aims of making the arts more accessible for all and creating awareness of social issues through creative engagement.
17865	She promotes traditional recipes on her blog and tells customers how things used to be made.
17866	Sherburn House station also closed in 1931 but the line to Pittington remained open until 5th January 1953 and the branch from Murton was retained until the late 1950's for wagon storage.
17867	She recently confessed…
17868	She recently performed in the sell-out show ‘Alice’ at the ADC theatre which received 5 star reviews and led to the show receiving funding from CUADC to take the show to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
17869	She reported that the Council would shortly be publishing the operational guidance for 2018 to 2019 and the baselines for local authorities spending in the current year.
17870	Sheriff of Northumberland to have jury of Alnwick here at the quindene of Easter.
17871	She rightly labelled these people as ‘not just the usual suspects’.
17872	She rightly points out how neoliberal opportunism seeks to turn disasters into opportunities for elite profit.
17873	Sherwood is now being considered as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under European law.
17874	She said: “Following reports of malicious communications to schools across the country earlier today, Hertfordshire Constabulary can confirm that there have been no incidents in the county as a result of this.
17875	She said: “I am dealing with teenagers and the modern teenager is so open and able to accept, and work things out for themselves.
17876	She said: “It’s going to have a really bad impact on everyone and because of this, you could have people (drivers) going under.”
17877	She said: “It was a snap-shot wasn’t it - very subjective?
17878	She said: "I went there when I was very young but I can still remember its grand entrance leading straight into the main nursery room which was huge.
17879	She said: “One of the women threw a drink and it splashed me so I grabbed a napkin from the bar and looked down to clean it off my arm.
17880	She said: ‘Our study found that girls who mature early are more vulnerable to developing.
17881	She said: “Our world famous Sherwood Forest Country Park, which is also home to the Major Oak and many other ancient oaks, is a site of special scientific interest, a special area of conservation and is part of the Sherwood Forest National Nature Reserve.
17882	She said that for the first appointment a member of staff would come and pick Mr B up in a taxi and drop him back home by taxi.
17883	She said the flavours aren't too overpowering but are just enough that they help enhance the experience.
17884	She said the passport and bill had been given to her with instructions to open as many bank accounts as she could with them, in return for which she was to be paid £1,000.
17885	She said there was a "lower than expected" number of young people from the Bradford district attending the institutions, and that often this was down to pupils' low aspirations, rather than academic skills.
17886	She said: “The staff are very supportive of Reece and the whole family - obviously it’s a really hard time when you’re in hospital and they recognise that and when you need extra support.
17887	She said: “The voice is too loud”.
17888	She said: “We got married earlier so the year was not going to be all doom and gloom.”
17889	She said: “When we started Finlay Brewer, we had a blank canvas to work from and we were able to put our own stamp on the agency.
17890	‘She’s all nerves, and she couldn’t bear the surprise, I’m positive.
17891	She says: “I don’t just love the new slim me, I love the new happier me, the new positive me, the new energetic me.
17892	She says: "The photograph represents the hours I put in and the struggle of humans to emulate nature in a world where nature is no well adapted and as engineers, we are trying to meet that everyday."
17893	She's been in online marketing for over 6 years, has featured in The Huffington Post & Virgin, and genuinely just loves to help people out.
17894	She's gone upstairs saying I only think of myself not her (not true).
17895	She should have evenly spaced teats that should be of equal size and preferably start well forward, just behind her elbow.
17896	She's no stranger to sporting quirky eye-catching ensembles both on and off stage.
17897	“She’s now two and I thought this would be a great idea for a career that I can fit in around childcare, running my own business from home.
17898	She's obviously been bound by the wrists and ankles.
17899	She spent six months in hospital and now they have been found a bungalow in Takeley so they can be together.
17900	She stated: “I’m surprised and very excited.
17901	She stated: "Suppliers need to clearly justify the different prices they set for different payment methods.
17902	She stated that the work would be completed by 6 March and the unit would reopen to patients by 13 March.
17903	She strongly believes that no-one should be prevented from succeeding in business as a result of their gender, race, sexuality or disability.
17904	She suffered from panic attacks and depression, and had just learned that their landlord was selling up, requiring them to move out of their home.
17905	She talked to me and encouraged me to see the doctor and everything turned out well.
17906	She told the reporter that she did not want anything printed locally because her husband was not in the area covered by the newspaper and she did not want her children to find out what was happening.
17907	She used to go out to sea for three weeks at a time.
17908	She usually hatches her eggs, and after a couple of nights in the safety of the courtyard, the home let her and her ducklings out.
17909	She was 15 in September 1906 when she sent the song to Miss Broadwood.
17910	She was a caring and thoughtful lady who always offered words of comfort even through her own suffering.
17911	She was allowed to come off a hydro bath seat onto a hard floor and fractured her pelvic bone on 21/01/17.
17912	She was also already written into Mrs Tomlinson's will to be left £5,000, a further £10,000 stored in a safe, and a Royal Crown Derby tea set, the court heard.
17913	'She was also honest and never held her opinions back!'
17914	She was amazed by the size of our operation and the use of sophisticated technology to screen the sewage.
17915	She was a three time world champion before retiring in 2016.
17916	She was certainly here once before her accession, for in 1557 she came from Hatfield on a visit to her sister Mary, then at Whitehall, and stayed in Somerset House.
17917	She was diagnosed with cancer three years before.
17918	She was given a five year prison sentence.
17919	She was had been to her outside the supermarket that afternoon.
17920	She was identified as Bella Neish.
17921	She was included on The Journal’s 35 Under 35 list of top young entrepreneurs and was also named on the Forbes 30 Under 30 Europe list.
17922	She was initially based at the Carlisle Maternity Hospital, then joined the Royal Navy Nursing Service.
17923	She was joined by three other transplant people on the day, who travelled to Barnstaple from Exeter, Salisbury and Aylesbury to support the event.
17924	She was Labour’s candidate in a by-election in Ilford North in 1978, and many of us trudged along many streets in support of her at that time.
17925	She was really pleased with the result.
17926	She was responsible for developing the first phase of the Bristol & Bath Science Park which opened in 2011 and which provides a supportive eco-system for knowledge exchange between entrepreneurs, academia and other stakeholders.
17927	She was so enthusiastic about all things geography which was infectious and I caught the bug!
17928	She was then quoted an even higher price for the tickets due to the number of passengers in the booking.
17929	She went on to Trinity College, Cambridge for her MPhil, achieving a Distinction.
17930	She went to Rwanda as part of a team that worked to bring commerce to the ruins of the Rwandan society.
17931	She will also help your Mum to understand how you might feel.
17932	She will also hold a further review in March to confirm details of protected costs arrangements aimed at capping the legal bill in the event of an ultimately unsuccessful challenge.
17933	She will be joined at the event by artists Sir Peter Blake, Gavin Turk, Sam Taylor-Wood, Mary McCartney, Alison Jackson and Sacha Jafri, amongst others.
17934	She will be obliged to stay married so that she can sponsor her husband to come here.
17935	She will be well remembered in Todmorden.
17936	She will deliver it, unlike the supposed big thinkers – including Gove – who conjured it up in the first place.
17937	She will provide an insight into the 18th century kitchen at the next meeting of the Wallingford Historical and Archaeological Society at 7.45 on Friday 12th March at Wallingford Town Hall.
17938	She would suit a home with teenaged children.
17939	She would wrap her legs around me and we’d kiss and she’d sink her head into the small of my neck.
17940	She writes about what she knows and has produced a total of 16 plays, as well as sketches and material for other groups.
17941	She wrote more than 80 novels and short sto-
17942	She wrote of herself in her autobiographical work Disavowals, “Shuffle the cards.
17943	Shift controllers yell at you constantly on the floor to grab calls, and if you're on a call, no fear, the restaurant owner will be hurling abuse at you instead!
17944	Shimmer & Shine Makeup "STAR" party A perfect makeup party for 11-16 year olds in Wirral.
17945	Shivers up my arms and into my neck, a heavy chest, now my legs start, I'm not sure if I'm hot or cold, my chest gets heavier as my body decides whether to fight or take flight.
17946	Shock Pad 20 is suitable for domestic locations where more cushioning is desired beneath the lawn.
17947	Shock wave lithotripsy (SWL) is a clinical procedure whereby shock waves, generated outside the body, are used to break-up kidney stones.
17948	Sholing await the winners of Fawley and Hamble Club in the second semi-final.
17949	Shop 1 mile, pub 1.2 miles.
17950	Shop A is selling really well, but shop B not so well: can copies be redirected?
17951	Shop assistants for BRAND NEW furniture & clothing shop!
17952	Shop binding and laminating machines, scrapbooking accessories, stickers, embellishments, and everything you need for paper crafting and scrapbooking.
17953	Shop for bracelets, pottery and brightly-coloured pashminas at the Anjuna Flea Market.
17954	Shop for iPads in iPad.
17955	Shopper June Blythe, 71, believed that she had seen the tent there for around two months.
17956	Shoppers are moving away from large out of town stores in favour of convenience outlets.
17957	Shoppers can get their hands on a number of different discounts including half price, a third off, £50 off and 20% off- there are tonnes of ways you can save.
17958	Shopping for homeware and gardening items in Harrogate.
17959	Shopping on board is minimal but adequate with a couple of small shops selling candies and chocolates, handbags, clothing and so on and the walkways were never filled with tables of bargain like I have experienced on other ships.
17960	Shopworkers’ trade union leader John Hannett has welcomed a Labour Party campaign to tackle maternity discrimination.
17961	Shore’s images break the rules regarding the kinds of subjects and compositions that then defined a ‘good’ snapshot and instead exemplify a search for aesthetic position through repetition.
17962	Short inspections, which last just one day as opposed to the longer ‘section five’ reviews, take place when a school has previously been rated as good.
17963	ShortList.com reaches 500,000 UK Unique Users every month, with total global UUs stretching to 1.9M.
17964	Shortly after her death, husband’s Scott’s world was upside down.
17965	Shortly before the Durban conference ended, it was confirmed that 2010 saw the highest ever level of carbon emissions from human activity, confirming an estimate from the International Energy Agency reported earlier in the year.
17966	Shortly before the photo there had been an explosion and Farhia was inspired by the defiance of the young people in the photograph and their determination to get on with their lives.
17967	Shortly thereafter, turn left into Doctors Commons Road and continue into Graemesdyke Road, with Kilfillan Gardens seen towards the upper end on the right hand side.
17968	Shortly, where the Calderdale Way continues left you keep ahead up Milnergate, the Old School House on your right.
17969	Short term care can be really helpful to give you, or the person who cares for you, a break.
17970	Should a revisit be required within a 6 month period of the initial visit, a 50% fee reduction is applied.
17971	Should be very useful for the scouting fraternity, Ah!
17972	Shoulders are extremely strong and muscular with shoulder blades being well laid back.
17973	Should information be about the interior or exterior of a building?
17974	Should I register as a school or as an individual?
17975	Should I replace my old boiler?
17976	Should there be a reduction in price we will automatically update ours and pass any savings on to our customers.
17977	Should we buy Group Day Travelcards?
17978	Should we make more effort to sell subs and single issue copies?
17979	Should we understand their antagonistic conversations as displaced erotic energy or supreme emotional incompatibility?
17980	Should you invest in standing desks?
17981	Should your relationship with Hagerty end, your information will be retained by Hagerty following its normal and lawful business record retention policy.
17982	Should you wish to extend your hire then this may be possible but you must contact us giving as much notice as possible so we can confirm availability.
17983	Should you wish to visit Taormina, there is a free shuttle bus and to avoid the walk, you can take this to the beach too, which takes approximately two minutes.
17984	Showcase your products to billions of people on Facebook.
17985	Shower heads never ever need cleaning.
17986	Showers need either £1 or 20p coins to operate.
17987	Showers – tokens available from the visitor centre at £1.50 per 5 minutes.
17988	Show him at the end of one week.
17989	Showing 17 news articles tagged with '
17990	Showing 8 search results for 'Glassware'
17991	Showing all resources in 'South West'
17992	Showing Jake what he is missing?
17993	Showing records with the tag "a) microfilm copies of gfm33-612 (serial 1528 to 1531) are in gfm34-1143 and 1145"
17994	Show me how to walk forward one day at a time.
17995	Show off your good taste with this sleek, tailored fit blue suit from Moss 1851.
17996	Shows the business, environmental and operational case for using low emission buses.
17997	Show the best rooms first and last.
17998	Show your appreciation with one of our eye-catching arrangements below – we’ve carefully chosen our thank you flowers to perfectly represent your gratitude.
17999	Shreeji Training is a one stop shop for employers.
18000	Shrewd investors will need to keep up to speed with the changes.
18001	Shrewsbury have done an unbelievable job and Blackburn have spent money and kept hold of their best players.
18002	Sickert painted the crowds, capturing the heavy clothing, the heavy atmosphere and the warm, alluring glow of the stage.
18003	Side impact security - Featuring extra full-body protection for your precious cargo’s head, lower back and hips.
18004	Sid Vicious appears as a wild-haired, buck-toothed stick man named 'Ego Sloshos', and Steve Jones is named as ‘Fatty Jones’.
18005	Sienna Torrance is used to helping people get back on their feet.
18006	Sieve together the flour and baking powder in a separate bowl.
18007	Sight for Surrey is involved in many projects which allow people with a vision or hearing impairment or combined sight and hearing loss to be independent, learn new skills, find a fulfilling job and simply enjoy life.
18008	Signage, rights of way clarity and visibility improvements needed.
18009	• Signal block bypass Selection of sub-clones with mutations that bypass blocked signalling with targeted therapy.
18010	Signatures on cheques which donâ€™t resemble the personâ€™s signature, or cheques signed when the person can no longer write.
18011	Significantly, on the day of the big march against pit closures they moved.
18012	Sign up for THE Noah's Ark event of the summer!
18013	Sign up now for our next Indian Challenge Ride so that you, too, can Ride with Kings in Rajasthan!
18014	Silence is Golden 11am performance book here http://buytickets.
18015	Silicon for 50Hz decoders is expected later this year, with further chip developments in 2006.
18016	Silky smooth on the palate with a moreish finish.
18017	Silver continues to make more than people would expect, as a jug by Robert Hennell made five times its scrap value as the hammer fell at £2,500 – this just one of many examples where silver items easily surpass their scrap value.
18018	Silver leaf pendant with a diamond cut finish and white rhodium plating to make a "sparkle" effect.
18019	Silver Spirit, launched in December 2009, was Silversea's first new-build since 2001.
18020	Similar figures are provided in table T4b for full-time other undergraduate entrants who started at university or college in 2010/11, but were not at a HEP in the UK in 2011/12.
18021	Similarly, if you are a recognised sole practitioner, you are responsible for any undertakings given by you or your staff (see rule 10.05(1) of the Code).
18022	Similarly, most slaves--especially in the South--supported the British.
18023	Similarly, Norwich by night gives you a great experience.
18024	Similarly, the beam programme investigated different generic beam section shapes (hollow, solid, box, channel, 'T', 'I'); flexural, torsion and mixed loading; straight and stepped beams.
18025	Similarly, the clearance date for transmitters which impact around 1 million people in and around Glasgow and Edinburgh will be brought forward by more than three months to April 2013.
18026	Similarly, the final report (which will be published at the end of the Parliament) must include an assessment against the overall business impact target (subsections (7) and (8)).
18027	Similarly, there is a lack of detailed dating information or understanding of unenclosed hut circles and palisaded enclosures, many of which might also have early prehistoric origins.
18028	Similar money was invested in a 1960 Series I that started life in the US, and would attract 5% import tax if adopting UK residency.
18029	Similar to chorizo but the taste isn’t quite as strong.”
18030	Similar to Ms. Jenner, the pop sensation also surprised fans with a pastel look, a complete shift from her usual darker tones, but one that we love!
18031	Simmering, Marcia J.Don't make me the bad guy : organizational norms, self-monitoring, and the mum effect.
18032	Simmer root herbs (mentioned above), such as ginger and turmeric for 15 minutes, then add in more delicate leaves such as rosemary and parsley, take off the heat and let steep for 15 minutes.
18033	Simon Craig was introduced to the GreenThumb lawn treatment service by a childhood friend who ran a branch of the Nationwide Company.
18034	Simon Dudfield has over 10 years experience specialising in medical practices and is backed by a small team of experienced specialists.
18035	Simon Harper, executive producer Casualty and Holby City, says: “Casualty has never shied away from portraying tough, contemporary issues - and in this particular era it felt especially important that we explore this subject.
18036	Simon: “The short answer is that we don’t know.
18037	Simple low level platforms were provided and at first there was no form of shelter.
18038	Simple prizes for the raffle is great and I’m sure every shop in Cromer can do me some kind of raffle prize.
18039	Simple, quick and free life insurance quotes are just a click away.
18040	Simple ‘YES/NO’ questions allow fast and efficient installing to save both time and money.
18041	Simply add loafers for effortless weekend style.
18042	Simply arrange your call out and one of our local Ballater appliance engineers will be with you in no time.
18043	Simply Business offers between £1 million and £5 million in cover, to cover you against this cost.
18044	Simply carry on using the site if you are happy to receive these cookies.
18045	Simply change the message in the text box or the URL as required and re-submit for approval.
18046	Simply copy this URL and use it as a direct link to share with your customers!
18047	Simply Divorce is an innovation in the legal services market.
18048	Simply Park and Fly have a presence at numerous airport across the UK including Birmingham, Bristol, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Gatwick, Heathrow, London Luton, Manchester, Southend and Stansted.
18049	Simply print off this e-ticket before you travel and hand it over at the entrance to Aguamar Water Park.
18050	Simply register online to activate your warranty within 28 days of purchase.
18051	Simply saying that, though, is often felt insufficient by candidates, and we are often asked for advice about course choices, for example at A level or for the International Baccalaureate.
18052	Simply search 'refer a friend' on the PLT website and you're good to go!
18053	Simply select the relevant edition from the list below to read more about his adventures.
18054	SimplySoftware.co redefines the idea of the Software, making it as simple as a Click!
18055	Simply upsell one treatment and that will pay for your monthly terminal charge.
18056	Simply use our centre locator to find the details of your local centre to arrange your MOT today.
18057	Simply using chalk and coloured card or construction paper, children can draw some really effective snowy pictures.
18058	Since 1921, it's helped thousands of musicians establish themselves in the music business, get through a serious crisis, cope with long term difficulties and enjoy retirement.
18059	Since 1980, His Royal Highness has transformed the formerly bleak landscape surrounding the house into one of the most creatively inspired layouts in Britain today.
18060	Since 1986, Lancing Chapel has been graced with three outstanding organs.
18061	Since 1991 he's given numerous solo concerts across Europe, and from 1994 to 2002 regularly collaborated with the Dance-Company of Nina F Schneider.
18062	Since 1998, the award winning designer Andrew Geoghegan has been garnering a reputation for precision-designed chic; for pieces that unify sometimes seemingly contradictory elements – angular facets and soft curves, warm shades and metallic coldness.
18063	Since 2002, company car tax has been based on a vehicle’s published CO2 emissions, effectively discouraging drivers from choosing more polluting company cars.
18064	Since 2005, how many adults have sought housing/ accommodation in your remit after allegedly experiencing domestic abuse/ violence?
18065	Since 2005 Opteva have delivered a range of complex travel and expense projects across multi-markets and completed a number of client engagements globally.
18066	Since 2006, it has achieved a 41% reduction in carbon intensity per square foot of retailing thanks to improvements in energy and refrigeration efficiency.
18067	Since 2009 patients who have symptoms within 4hrs of onset are transferred to a Hyper Acute Stroke Unit where they can be assessed for thrombolysis.
18068	Since 2016, HMRC has been getting new financial information about UK taxpayers from other countries around the world.
18069	Since adopting TRIPS, India's ability to produce medicines has been limited.
18070	Since boothose were turned down over the top of the boot, the fringe would have been an important feature of the dress as a whole.
18071	Since early age, the study of history and prehistory has fascinated me.
18072	Since I last addressed the House on this subject, that trial has got under way, and we are closely monitoring the results.
18073	Since IR35 became law in 2000, a great deal of time has been devoted to the importance of IR35 compliant contracts which demonstrate that the subject is self-employed rather than merely a disguised employee.
18074	Since it is confidential it is not published in the catalogue, but the reserve will never exceed the low estimate.
18075	Since its launch on CBeebies, Bing has been a huge ratings hit and it’s the number one top rated pre-school show on BBC iPlayer.
18076	Since June 2002 St Thomas, Virgin Islands (USA) 'The Ninth Life Fine Art Gallery': exhibitition of 20 paintings in oil and acrylic.
18077	Since moving to its Valley Rd premises six years ago, the Northlight Art Studios cooperative has grown into a successful model of a sustainable community social enterprise.
18078	Since she knew him as the neighbour’s son, she was not alarmed, although it took some persuasion to make her take a longer route home, by the canal.
18079	Since taking over on February 1, he’s re-written the script.
18080	Since the formation of the Team programme in 1990 it is estimated that the Fire and Rescue Service has engaged with 50,000 young people via this programme alone.
18081	Since then his research group has developed tools and novel understanding of how early embryos form.
18082	Since then Howe has been the cornerstone behind the team go from strength to strength and has established AFC Bournemouth as a Premier League club, guiding them through two successful top-flight campaigns.
18083	Since then, she has worked at Leeds Beckett University and the University of Wolverhampton in senior faculty roles.
18084	Since then the Council has been working with partners to implement them as part of the flood action plan.
18085	Since then the members have talked to thousands of Sussex residents and captured nearly 6,200 concerns culminating in the launch of a report in Westminster earlier this year.
18086	Since then, the profile of investors has diversified and investment intentions have changed, with the rise of necessitated short-term decision-making sometimes overriding the intention to maintain longterm prosperity.
18087	“Since then we have revisited the costs on the basis of a much lower pound sterling value against other currencies.
18088	Since the options were published, the Government has changed the rules to allow Councils to increase Council Tax by slightly more in the next two years to help pay for the increasing demand for services for older people and vulnerable adults.
18089	Since there’s no edit button, you simply tap on a task to edit its text—that’s fine.
18090	Since this whole area lies east of the M6 corridor, it makes sense to include the Orton Fells within an expanded YDNP boundary.
18091	Since Trump’s election the Eurostoxx 50 has risen 8.7% in euro terms.
18092	Since we aim to be as flexible as possible, we offer facilities that can be adapted to suit your needs, consequently what is offered in this introduction is by no means exhaustive.
18093	Since your research involves human participants you will need research ethics approval.
18094	Sinclair Pharmacy is a chemists' shop selling a range of pharmaceutical items and services.
18095	Single bedroom for rent over the summer.
18096	Single copies of pages of information from the site can be printed out for private study or non-commercial research, provided that no changes are made to the material and East Dunbartonshire Council is acknowledged as the copyright owner.
18097	Single garage opening on to driveway, double glazed window to side, power and lighting.
18098	Single parents often feel that they spend ALL their time with the children, but do we really?
18099	• Single-storey extensions increased from 4m to 8m for detached houses and from 3m to 6m on all other types of houses.
18100	Sinn Féin (SF) was excluded because the renunciation of violence was made an essential prerequisite to joining the Forum.
18101	Sir Andrew Gregory, Chief Executive, SSAFA says: “Isolation and loneliness is a growing issue across society that affects young and old alike.
18102	Sir Anthony Seldon’s latest book on how artificial intelligence will impact on education is an engaging and agreeable read on the history of learning and the current issues regarding how we teach our children, writes Sam Dean.
18103	Sir Arthur fluffier-Couch thus sets his hero before us as a young man :— " The first years of his Fellowship wore perhaps the blithest of A. J. B.'s life.
18104	Sir Charles Adam - Person - National Portrait GalleryAdmission free.
18105	Sir Henry Atkins died at the age of 16. John Tracy became Warden of All Souls in 1766 and inherited the Tracy viscountcy from his half-brother, Charles in 1792, his younger brother Robert, ‘Tracy Junr’, died in 1748.
18106	Sirikissoon's family resonated with Mappa's Essedones, eating the flesh of their own kindred.
18107	Sir: I would like to propose two new scientific units of the kind mentioned by Rory Sutherland (‘Why I’m not on board with quiet carriages’, 3 March).
18108	SIR - Phillip Davies says The Branch Hotel cannot be left to fall into worse and worse repair.
18109	Sit down now with a pencil and sketch what you grew where this year while it's all fresh in your mind.
18110	Sites-buildabear-us-SiteSkip to Main ContentEpic 2 for $40 Offer On All Star Wars Furry Friends!
18111	Sitting energy facilities.
18112	Sitting Room: 3.98m (13ft 1in) x 3.66m (12ft 0in) Having artexed ceiling with coving and featuring an attractive "Living Flame" effect gas fire set in a marble-effect hearth with inset and timber surround.
18113	Situated close to the.
18114	Situated in a beautifully quiet cul-de-sac, this loved home has everything a growing family could need.
18115	Situated in a conservation area, this Victorian property is in an area of special interest.
18116	Situated in a quiet conservation area, Derwent Road West is close to the suburbs of Old Swan and Tuebrook.
18117	Situated in a quiet tree lined road.
18118	Situated in a tucked away location, this detached bungalow was originally built with three bedrooms but now arranged with two good sized double rooms and a 26' triple aspect living room with dining area to one end as well as an open plan hallway.
18119	Situated just off of Maidstone Road in Rochester, this three bedroom, semi detached house is full of character and charm.
18120	Situated near Haworth in West Yorkshire, this occupies prime Wuthering Heights territory.
18121	Situated on Brighton’s Marina and serving the best of British produce, the Great British Charcuterie is the perfect spot to enjoy a glass of wine and a charcuterie platter with everything being sourced from the UKs leading farmers and food suppliers.
18122	Situated on Swansea Seafront, just 25 metres from Swansea Beach, Devon View Guesthouse Swansea offers pet friendly accommodation and cooked breakfasts.
18123	Situated on this wonderful tree lined street in one of the prettiest areas of Kensington.
18124	Situated some six miles north-west of Lanark, Craignethan was built upon a rock bluff overlooking the confluence of the River Nethan and Craignethan Burn.
18125	Six boys and two girls.
18126	Six enterprising students from the University of the West of England have won the £3000 top prize in the Grand Finals of FLUX500, an intense national business challenge competition.
18127	Six farms were Autumn block calving and enrolled in Autumn 2015 and six had a stronger spring calving bias and enrolled in Spring 2016.
18128	Six month mark!
18129	Sixth form colleges will be allowed to become academies.
18130	Sixt look forward to handing over the keys to your top quality Bristol long term car hire.
18131	Sixt look forward to providing you with a great value car rental in Georgia.
18132	Sixty per cent of US naval forces are to be based in Asia by 2020, aimed at China.
18133	Six West Lothian school's golfers, who are part of the council's Excellence in School Sport Programme (ESSP), took on top golfing students from Grapevine, Texas, recently to retain the Gallacher Cup.
18134	SJH Plumbing and Heating is a local company in Bournemouth that offers plumbing, heating, gas boiler installation and repairs, bathroom heating systems, and general plumbing works.
18135	SK are offering discounts on their most effective therapies to calm the mind, including 20% off Indian Head Massage.
18136	Skills for long term relationship success.
18137	Skills for Success is the most ambitious, open and accessible programme yet, introducing new methods of recruitment and management level positions.
18138	Skin disorders - Rehabilitation We use cookies on this website.
18139	Skin tightness is something you need to be aware of, no matter what the circumstances of your skincare regime.
18140	Skipton kicked off into the wind and up the slight slope and following a good catch and take James Ackers was bundled into touch near the corner.
18141	Sk:n is quite different.
18142	Skoda recently turned that corner and started knuckling down, like a student realising that exams are fast approaching and pound-a-pint nights in the uni bar are probably not the best environment for revision.
18143	Sky Broadband deals are available at a wide variety of price points, with various bundles and packages on offer to suit many requirements, for example.
18144	Skye is a beautiful but sensitive soul.
18145	Sky is offering a combined unlimited broadband and NOW TV bundle that allows you to stream shows and movies directly from the web, on demand and live via a number of Sky TV channels.
18146	Skype for Business is a multi-channel communications tool which allows you to communicate and collaborate with others in real time.
18147	Skype meant the cost of making international calls came plummeting down and suddenly Auntie M was back in the loop.
18148	Sky updates its digital TV homepage and guide Sky has been busy updating its Sky+ HD box with a brand new TV homepage and updated search functionality.
18149	Slashstroke studio will create a fully immersive 3D space that allows participants to produce their own dynamic/abstracted photographic portraits.
18150	Slate floor, stair rising to the Atrium.
18151	Sleeper with in-room toilet and shower: 2 beds in single or double occupancy.
18152	Sleeps up to 12 people and is well suited to group holidays, large families, wedding parties and special interest holidays in Cornwall.
18153	Sleeps up to six people in three bedrooms: one with double bed, the other two with twin, single, 6ft beds.
18154	Sleepy village was rife with hooliganismFulstow was notorious for ‘desperate poaching and wild drinking’
18155	Sleigh Ride with the Single Dad by Alison RobertsA Firefighter in Her Stocking by Janice LynnThe Spanish Duke’s.
18156	Slide can be a hindrance when turning in a small area as the boat can slide out of the turn and onto dangers.
18157	Sliding door to the Cloakroom which has a w.c, wash basin and contemporary wall tiling.
18158	Slightly more experienced, and potential leaders in the squad next season, George Honeyman and Lynden Gooch both finished the 2017-18 season strongly, with the added bonus of having a natural affinity with the club.
18159	Slot in a shelf For an unfussy look that still adds character to a space, be inspired by this island.
18160	Small Business VoIP solutions specialists.
18161	Small caps really interest me but I would need to be a lot more confident in understanding a company’s finances before taking the leap.
18162	Small ‘courtyard style’ garden with central paved area, surrounded by borders containing shrubs and box balls for year-round structure, and packed with colourful astilbes, lilies and clematis for summer impact.
18163	Small firms on tight budgets could face a similar scenario too, forcing them into insolvency through no fault of their own.
18164	Small fish are rarely caught, but if caught they are returned alive immediately.
18165	Small may be beautiful but in the case oflezyne’s CNC machined Road Drive not quite as small is just as lovely.
18166	Small woodland within grounds, open countryside within half a mile.
18167	Smart Line Photo Cheek Retractors -Double Ended - View Only A-Z Orthodontics Smart Line® Products - Our ProductsJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
18168	SmartWater is a forensic based security marking fluid that can be used on property from bikes, electrical items and jewellery to help deter criminals.
18169	Smith is not content with making do with what he has achieved in the last two weeks, however.
18170	Smooch - Wedding Rings by Appointment.
18171	Smooth coved ceiling, ceiling rose, double glazed windows to front and side, radiator with decorative cover, wall lights, tiled flooring, double French style doors leading to'
18172	Snapchat is a free app where you can take a picture or video and send it to your friends.
18173	Snapseed, designed for iPad and iPhone, offers all the basic tools and filters whilst using JPEG and raw files, and even a few helpful tips about how the app works and general photography.
18174	Snipe usually keep well hidden, in part due to their cryptic plumage yet forced to find ice free feeding grounds their brown and yellow stripy markings against the white snow make them anything but invisible!
18175	Snorkeled with the sea turtles and even saw a large sting ray.
18176	Snow made the drugs revelation hours before Channel 4 aired its controversial show Drugs Live: The Ecstasy Trial, in which volunteers took MDMA, the pure form of ecstasy, as part of a “ground-breaking scientific study”.
18177	So a 60 day notice account might let you access your money by giving 60 days’ notice, or losing 60 days’ interest.
18178	So, a buyer need not arrange full amount to pay the dealer.
18179	So, after C having chat with teacher, HE, (C) is told to keep away from the lad!
18180	So, all in all, very happyThank-you also for coming in on your day off to get all done and to explain the finer points of reference checks to me - thank-you again.
18181	So – although we acknowledged Mrs M felt she would have been better off with more space – we explained that we didn’t think it was unfair for the insurer to refuse to pay for the upgrade.
18182	So always enter Mac instead of Mc as a prefix.
18183	So any effort to end violence cannot only address individual attitudes and beliefs but rather must shift social norms.
18184	Soares of Walsall sent the message to another man in December 2016 with a link to the graphic footage posted by Daesh.
18185	So a sealed box of cereal is OK, but a piece of fruit is not.
18186	So as they sailed south, Tupaia eventually found himself in unfamiliar waters, and he began to work with Cook on a chart of the islands around Tahiti.
18187	So as you can imagine it was a bit inconvenient to have to go off property to eat lunch or dinner.
18188	So at LinkedIn we decided to partner with CapGemini to find out what’s going on.
18189	So back in 2010 its chief executive, Willie Walsh, imposed worse pay and more flexible working practices on its cabin crew in what was widely perceived to be a full-scale 'macho-management' strategy of 'union busting'.
18190	Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much'
18191	So be sure to look out for Camfed donation points on the night.
18192	So borrowing falls every year.
18193	SO Business have been busy organising their calendar of events, forums and workshops for 2018, centred around the four themes that business have told us are most important.
18194	So-called "Magic Circle" law firmis facing a probe by the Solicitors Regulation Authority over claims it failed to properly investigate allegations of fraud during a contentious review of Royal Bank of Scotland's treatment of thousands of small companies.
18195	Social assistance benefits fall outside the scope of those regulations.
18196	Social cohesion is often identified as ‘solidarity’ and ‘togetherness’.
18197	Social communication disorder outside autism?
18198	Social investment helped maintain cash flow and address the shortfall, ensuring the centre’s future and bringing its financial outlook back on track.
18199	Socialisation is one of the most important things you can do for your puppy as it helps them become friendly and outgoing.
18200	Social isolation can be a cause of depression which can be addressed through social inclusion.
18201	Socialist Worker went to the Kensall Road Resource Centre on Saturday.
18202	Socially conservative their routes go back to 1971 and since their rise to prominence in this election some of their moral stances have been questioned.
18203	Social media generally allow you to change your settings to limit access to your data.
18204	Social Media in Newcastle - Get Your MobiThis website may use cookies.
18205	Social Media Monitoring and Analytics equips you with an appreciation of the need for analytics in the market place.
18206	Social secretaries help look after the social life of the MCR!
18207	Social selection and peer influence in an online social network.
18208	So clearly at some point I’ll need to put him in front of some people who do know something – lord knows that’s not me!
18209	So comfortable it was nearly comical.
18210	Socon were hoping to do what fellow Kershaw Premier side Lakenheath have successfully and gain a place at step six not through league placings, but through necessity.
18211	Sodastream allow you to make ordinary tap water exciting by adding and by creating fruity which can be prepared in seconds.
18212	So defrost the freezer regularly and keep the condenser coil clean and well-ventilated.
18213	“So do you prefer going out on a boat to analysing the data?”
18214	So, each move should be a step up on the career ladder or a clear progression in terms of gaining new skills or experience.
18215	So, even on my bad days, I can keep in touch with the outside world.
18216	So, even quite distant matches may turn out upon investigation to be the right ones.
18217	So far, only a couple of the major players let you monitor your web usage yourself – Zen Internet's online checker is a great idea.
18218	So far there have been 13 cases at KCC where this Malware has been detected.
18219	So far we have booking right up until June 2013 so it is going well!
18220	So far, we’ve seen a 1°C increase since the Industrial Revolution – enough to cause extreme weather across the world and harm people and wildlife.
18221	Sofas are a long-term purchase and have to fit with the surroundings.
18222	So follow our five top tips to increase your ‘kerbability’ and you’ll have yourself a house that will give you a flush of pride every time you come home.
18223	So for instance the great public sector workers' strikes of 1995 are there, but only for two paragraphs.
18224	So from that little exchange, how have they advertised themselves?
18225	Soft and modern line of modular furniture whose multiplicity of elements allows to arrange any room.
18226	Soft and supple on the palate the modern style enhances the fruit character.
18227	Soft drinks are included with all meals.
18228	So give yourselves a treat and visit the Parkway Hotel for some fabulous food.
18229	So go ahead, and make sure you take one of our amazing Heal’s voucher deals with you!
18230	So good I got a full size, multi tasking, use as a hair conditioner and scalp soother!
18231	So good to see Darcey during the intervals - I do hope to see her in the future.
18232	So, guiltily, I am relieved to discover that the way I was taught in (secondary) school is back in vogue.
18233	So Home-Start matched her with a volunteer who visited her each week.
18234	So, how did Dry January work out for you?
18235	So how did the Bowder Stone get here?
18236	So how does the 90-year-old stay tuned in to what’s relevant?
18237	So how does this wider picture fit with your debate about improving the customer experience?
18238	So how do I suggest you warm-up?
18239	So how do native articles get seen and read?
18240	So how do you actually that?
18241	So, how do you begin to learn how to write a college paper?
18242	So how do you get through the chilly months in the best way possible?
18243	So how should we help our children like Kirsty deal with such worries?
18244	So how the anti-capitalist left deals with the massive illusions in Iglesias and his party is not a secondary question.
18245	So I am using the show to see where my work is going.”
18246	So, I ended up thinking ‘being gay’ had nothing to do with sexual orientation (and I don’t think I’d ever heard of lesbians, bisexuals or trans people back then either), just the clothes someone wears, basically.
18247	So if a slippery or icy road means you accidentally ride into someone or their property, you’re protected.
18248	So if, for example, we receive a technical report such as a transport assessment in pdf format, but within that document there is a signature (the author is proud of their work.
18249	So if I am being measured against a cash output of sales, or turnover, or profit margins etc and this is falling, this will stress me out.
18250	So if someone else was driving, you can make sure their skills (or lack of) don’t affect your score.
18251	So if there are exceptional circumstances whereby a matter might take longer to resolve than eight weeks, there is a mechanism to extend the determination period through agreement or disapply the provision.
18252	So if you are heading to the mountains for ski-season, it might be best to top up your coverage for one additional payment of £29.00 to keep you protected all through the year.
18253	So if you are not provided with a statement then you need to chase it.
18254	So if you are on a budget, you will want to fit the taps yourself to save some money.
18255	So if you are planning your stay here, then you must look for the affordable Marble Arch hotels.
18256	So if you feel you want to meet other like minded people in a non-judgemental and safe environment then this is the place for you.
18257	So if you have 212 clicks on your report, it means that 212 people have clicked on your advert and have been taken to your website.
18258	So, if your accountant runs the books, they can be 100% sure that they’re accurate, on time and providing the figures that are needed for deeper financial intelligence.
18259	So if you're excitedly preparing for a new arrival, make sure you visit Vertbaudet.
18260	So, if you’re looking for a Christmas break or Christmas meal in Derbyshire, or maybe just a festive tipple then please give us a visit.
18261	So if you're taking a trip to the seaside, don't worry about how much change you need, just use the and be off and enjoying the sun in seconds!
18262	So, if your provider does not include mock papers with your study you'd need to purchase these direct from ICB.
18263	So if you spot a gorgeous pair in your size, place your order the first chance you get before a faster bargain hunter beats you to it.
18264	So, if you suddenly ride harder or longer than you’re used to, you can expect to cramp.
18265	So, if you too want to sell (more & better) to shops and galleries, then this is for you!
18266	So if you want some cable-free earbuds that you can wear for exercising then you'll definitely lean towards brands such as Jabra and Motorola, whose earbuds are water-resistant for outdoor use, and include small rubber 'fins' to help keep them in place.
18267	So if you want visitors to know what they should do next, have a killer call-to-action (CTA) that’s clearly visible, attention-grabbing and action-oriented.
18268	So, I met with her and we just connected.
18269	So in answer to the title of this post, if your gates are looking tired, worn or are broken then yes!
18270	So in our painting we have this deep deep blue, which means that the sun is going down and would therefore be orange… orange light giving a blue shadow.
18271	So in simple terms then, all we need to do is find that time where we can maximise our price and look to get a good buy, whilst moving in time for an annual event, preferably when everyone else is doing exactly the same.
18272	So it goes without saying that we want to pay such fabulous people fair and competitive salaries.
18273	So it is cathartic to have this chance to get that out ofmysystem.
18274	So it is vital that every preparation is undertaken to ensure a successful exhibition.
18275	So it really is worth taking time to ensure your property is presented to the highest possible standard.
18276	So, it’s a good idea to talk about these issues well in advance.
18277	So it’s finding that balance with the menu – how can I get customers on the table but still do what I do, and that’s how I’ve found my style I suppose and I know the property as well, so that helps.
18278	So it’s not all bleak.
18279	So, it's now March 2015 - I never actually finished this post, but thought I'd publish it anyway.
18280	So it was the shock of his wife really that…
18281	So I was in favour of the end of the armed struggle to that extent.
18282	So I went into hospital to have the lump removed.
18283	So Jellyfish changed all of that by converting them to a convertible.
18284	So Labour want to take away the Winter Fuel Allowance.
18285	Solar prices are dropping and it’s only going one way.
18286	Sole traders and partnerships are treated as consumers and will require opt-in.
18287	So, let’s get on with the show.
18288	So let’s look in a little bit more detail at trial records.
18289	Solid walls are more problematic; homes with this type of wall construction need to be clad on the outside with insulation or have the insulation attached inside.
18290	Solingen steel blade is made for durability.
18291	So long as staff are notified in advance, proportionate monitoring of their online activity or email traffic can also be used to ensure they are carrying out work.
18292	Solutions that improve the motorist’s journey, manage congestion effectively and support economic redevelopment.
18293	Solvent-based formulation which offers excellent flow, giving surfaces a tough, durable high gloss finish.
18294	Solvent free reactions in the solid state: solid state metathesis.
18295	So MailChimp and dotmailer definitely do do that.
18296	So make sure to wash your hands as often as possible - especially before eating.
18297	So make sure you pack some warm fluffy blankets, and if you really want to toast your marshmallows – why not pop them over the BBQ?
18298	So many borrowers feel that they have been trapped by some discounted rate or by some other marketing tool and didn’t release what SVR really means.
18299	So many of the old fishing community are now pensioners.
18300	So many of us will require help and care as we become infirm, if there is no one in our family to care for us.
18301	So many problems, have been told will be contacted within 24 hours so many times and they never have.
18302	“So maybe the answer is to create a new town shopping centre complete with a supermarket, Marks & Spencer, Next, WHSmith, together with traditional local shops such as there are now.
18303	So maybe you could do a real ale ‘festival’ where some of the top-selling local ales from around the country are made available in other stores (in different areas) for a limited time.
18304	Some 80 per cent of respondents now charge for services, with 20 per cent saying that it was a fairly important part of funding.
18305	Some 873 million day trips are made each year with an estimated value of £39bn and England welcomes over 25 million international visitors per year.
18306	Some Akitas can put on weight once they have been spayed or neutered so it is important to keep an eye on a dog's waistline and to adjust their calorie intake and daily exercise accordingly.
18307	Some authorities also have their own byelaws.
18308	Some authorities may operate a voluntary dog registration scheme which will enable the dog to be returned to its owner if lost.
18309	Some beliefs, thoughts and ideas may have been too inflammatory to commit to paper in the first place – representative of inadmissible ambitions or transgressive desires.
18310	Some benefits claimants qualify for Cold Weather Payment, but in order for it to be paid out, the outside temperature must be below 0°C for seven consecutive days.
18311	Some big hills in this area and the guys did a great job, getting in just after time, to lots of water and banana’s (apparently very important, bananas!
18312	Some breeds and advancing age may mean they stick closer to you but still allow them to sniff and explore on their own.
18313	Some bridal stores offer bridesmaids dresses in ivory.
18314	Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal.
18315	Some camellias will be in flower as early as February, but most come into their own in March.
18316	Some cards don’t charge for purchases or ATM cash withdrawals when used overseas, whereas others can cost you as much as £7.99 for drawing £100 worth of currency from the local cash machine.
18317	Some carers feel they have let the person with dementia down when they move into a care home, feeling that they should have been able to cope for longer.
18318	Some colleagues had to get back to their constituencies before they got cut off, or the rail li.
18319	Some colleagues said it was a trap and I should not get involved-that the noble Baroness was trying to split the Lib Dems off from the Conservatives.
18320	Some companies operating in this sector are undertaking health surveillance of their workers based on a questionnaire response and reviewed by a designated competent person.
18321	Some councils have stricter regulations than others and of course whether you require planning permission to get your air conditioning installed will depend on the specific circumstances of your business.
18322	Some couples say that when they produced their marriage certificates at the airport their flights were upgraded: but, if you’d rather not leave luxury to chance, call the airline at the time of booking and ask them about honeymoon upgrades.
18323	Some courses are available to other organisations although priority will be given to ESCC staff and those working in Health and Social Care provider services.
18324	Some divans will come with '''continental drawers''', which are of a different size and placement to standard divan drawers.
18325	Some elements of this framework document are taken directly from these Codes.
18326	Some examples of their key beliefs include being straightforward, open and honest; dealing with everyone fairly and with respect; and being serious about their work without taking themselves too seriously.
18327	Some extensions and alterations to your home can be carried out without requiring planning permission; this is known as permitted development.
18328	Some feel that personally organising a funeral is their final tribute to the deceased person.
18329	Some friends from our church were going on this cruise and invited us to tag along.
18330	Some funders/sponsors will provide archiving facilities (e.g. the ESRC research data policy requires all research grant award holders to offer data collected during the course of their research for preservation and sharing through the ESDS).
18331	Some further changes to the delivery assurance regime and other areas and, crucially, the ability to hold the proposed additional auction for delivery in 2017-18, are discussed in a separate formal public consultation document I am publishing today.
18332	Some good shooting by Emily and Lottie, despite a tall defence, meant that our last quarter was by far our strongest.
18333	Some have whirlpool baths.
18334	Some health and safety law describes the training, skills and experience, that someone should have to be a competent person to perform a specific task in a particular industry or work environment.
18335	Some hybrid are more black and white but EweMove offer more than most agents, typically just don't have a high street shop (unnecessary expense) to be able to offer you much more for similar fees to others.
18336	Some instruments may be available for hire at a small cost per term. Please contact the Director of Performance, Maggie Faultless () for more information.
18337	Some insurers insist you have certain security measures in place, like burglar alarms, when your property is left empty before they will agree to cover your contents.
18338	Some lending institutions will not lend on certain types of construction, so do ensure you check with them.
18339	Some like to collect, some like to Mulch.
18340	Some LINEAR prediscovery images found from September 19.36.
18341	Some local aspects of the social life in South-West France will also be proposed in the evening to adults and young people.
18342	Some LR moment functions are also doubly robust meaning they hold if one first step is incorrect.
18343	Some medicine fridges were visibly dirty on inspection.
18344	Some mid-market rental and shared ownership.
18345	Some much sought after copies are even exchanging hands for up to £60 each.
18346	Some networks have extra discounts and deals just for who take out more than one kind of plan, for instance - which could save you even more money.
18347	Some nurses may offer to talk to your child’s school and answer any questions they have.
18348	Some of animals in the ring.
18349	Some of art's most iconic masterpieces are portraits - the Girl with a Pearl Earring are just a few.
18350	Some of my landlords invest for yield, some invest for capital growth (however, it’s very difficult to get both in this market).
18351	Some of our advertisements may generate cookies.
18352	Some of our biggest problems are caused by businesses who dump their rubbish illegally on the street or by flytippers.
18353	Some of our gardening courses are offered in partnership with local community groups.
18354	Some of our trains are a lot busier than others, so we can’t always guarantee you’ll get a seat.
18355	Some of our volunteer opportunities.
18356	Some of the best short documentaries of the year come through this talent initiative and it's normally a sell-out, so act quick if you want to see some incredible short films.
18357	Some of the countries it operates in include Albania, Estonia, Georgia, Greece and Kosovo.
18358	Some of the gifts sold at Hatters.
18359	Some of the information on the old form was out of date and it was more complicated than it needed to be.
18360	Some of the LW9 skiers have mild coordination problems in all extremities.
18361	Some of the markets with special odds offer odds over 3.50 or more.
18362	Some of the most important relationships in our lives are galvanised by seizing the right words to express an invisible churn of conflicting emotions.
18363	"Some of the scores they hit were exceptional, they hit a couple of points from 40 yards.
18364	Some of these drugs have been shown to help with aggressive behaviour in people with Alzheimerâ€™s disease when taken for 6â€“12 weeks.
18365	Some of these rejections may have been for reasons other than income.
18366	Some of these rights are only available in certain circumstances.
18367	Some of the social science concepts in the episode, like “preference falsification,” allowed listeners to make sense of behavior in other areas of life.
18368	Some of the supporting information is required over the five-year cycle, not annually, so again this may be able to be managed around the career break.
18369	Some of the third parties referred to above are located outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and therefore in a country which may not have data protection laws as stringent as those in the EU.
18370	Some of the timbers of the shaft covers are weak, so you should keep well away from these.
18371	Some of this equipment is valued at tens of millions of pounds, so it is critical the work is done to the highest of standards.
18372	Some of those generous soles are listed below, in no particular order.
18373	Someone else who’s clearly mental is Kevin: having escaped the clutches of the Black Widow once, he’s now back for a second dose.
18374	Someone from social work services will discuss with you, your carer or family member if appropriate, what options are available for you.
18375	Someone has been stealing from him.
18376	"Someone has tried to send you money via Paym, the UK's mobile payment service.
18377	“Someone must know something about how Flake came to be abandoned in this way – and we’d urge anyone with information to contact our inspectorate appeal line on 0300 123 8018.”
18378	Some others might be free but have in-app purchases, meaning that you'll need to pay in order to upgrade them.
18379	Some other wet wipes can contain different types of plastic, like polyester or polyethylene.
18380	Some parts of the motorway between Novi Sad and Belgrade have two lanes with a hard shoulder on one side only.
18381	Some parts of the Usdaw website cannot be translated, for example images / photos, logos etc.
18382	Some people believe that an is one of the most eco-friendly and economical solutions to their bathrooms.
18383	Some people can stop suddenly without any problems.
18384	Some people have asked if the publication of the Ombudsman’s findings has been delayed to wait for the outcome of the general election.
18385	Some people may remember that.
18386	Some people will be happy that he has gone, some will be disappointed, like me.
18387	Some photos from the event can be found on the Future plans include the construction of a waiting shelter / ticket office in brick to a traditional design, to replace the current wooden shelter.
18388	Some placements simply needed more time and the process for them had been slow for good reasons, but all resulted in positive outcomes for the children concerned.
18389	Some powers are reserved to the UK government and include: immigration, the constitution, foreign policy and defence.
18390	Some processes create substances.
18391	Some questions will be asked about international economic problems and institutions, and about the problems of different types of economy.
18392	Some recipes it is hidden in detailed method.
18393	Some results can be given immediately if the presence of an infection shows up by direct observation; however, most will have to be sent to a laboratory.
18394	Some sections are likely to be muddy from use by horses.
18395	Some suppliers may run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
18396	Some surgeons will refuse to operate at all on heavy smokers so you need to address this issue early on in the process of researching body lift surgery and deciding where to have it done.
18397	Something for the kitchen or garden?
18398	Something not requiring so much left leg action would be a welcome addition to the range.
18399	Something of this kind of support and accountability structure has to be developed as a church employs more staff.
18400	Somethings going on with UK ISP, but they do not informing about that.
18401	Some things might give them a good impression.
18402	Sometimes a contract will fix the time that a service must be completed by.
18403	Sometimes deaths have to be reported to the Coroner which may delay the registration process.
18404	Sometimes described as sheltered housing or retirement housing, our homes for the over-50s have a 24-hour emergency alarm system and on-site staff providing support.
18405	Sometimes HMRC will ring you to talk about your dispute.
18406	Sometimes internal organs, such as the lymph nodes, lungs and digestive system, are affected.
18407	Sometimes it is necessary to trace the trajectory of specific policies to be able to understand the 'big picture', the history of a specific country in a specific period.
18408	“Sometimes people don’t realise how hard it is when you keep going on and on and it can catch up with you, so it’s been nice to rest up, catch up on my fitness and make sure I can get back to where I want to be.
18409	Sometimes there can be an interruption to streaming.
18410	Sometimes there may be conflicting legal opinions from two different solicitors on the prospects of success of the action.
18411	Sometimes they will have taken the time to gain your trust first.
18412	Sometimes we all need a little motivation to keep fit and stay healthy, and more often than not, celebrities help us to hit our goals.
18413	Sometimes we don’t want to go on a strict diet but simply need to incorporate a few exercise moves or food swaps into our day to see a big difference.
18414	Sometimes work is carried out by contractors, and they will also have identity cards.
18415	Sometimes you also get a burning sensation when you pass urine.
18416	Sometimes you just need a little reminder and motivation to make some more (guilt-free) time for you and use it in the best way possible.
18417	Sometimes you may prefer to have a one-off spring clean (or Blitz clean) from Maid2Clean which provides you with a more intensive and thorough house clean.
18418	Some universities discourage students from taking certain combinations of A-level subjects, for example when subjects are very similar like business studies and economics, so bear this in mind when you're making your choices.
18419	Some walks also take place in North Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and Lincolnshire.
18420	Somewhere along the line that got reduced down to ‘MGM’, but that was never a title, absolutely never.”
18421	Some will consider 100% of the child support payments when assessing whether a borrower can afford the mortgage they have applied for.
18422	Some will find it easy to argue that there are spaces for top level negotiations and spaces for local level discussions and that both are happening in parallel in different rooms, and possibly continents.
18423	Some years ago, he was booked to address what he was told was a “group of builders”.
18424	Some YISP young people are offered the opportunity participate in residential work.
18425	So most of us have been infected, but few are affected.
18426	So much for safeguarding the public purse.
18427	So much, in fact, that it makes the simple task of getting meaningful work done every day incredibly difficult.
18428	So much so, that I just tried to get tickets to go and see it AGAIN - but all sold out aaaaaargh.
18429	So much to see and do and not enough time so will be back.
18430	Song is used differently across species.
18431	So nice to step aside from Ebay non sales and worries to enjoy The Rolling English Road yet again.
18432	Sonnen means sunshine and Lay is old German for slate.
18433	So no offence is meant, of course, when I’m using these, but one can only talk about these subjects by using these words.
18434	So now, at midnight, I decided upon a little Philip Marlowe investigation and rang the Musicians' Union.
18435	So now that the ONS website has gone through significant changes and we can support many of the formats used by Visual we can finally bring all the content together in one place.
18436	So now you smell like a winner, how about a takeaway dinner?
18437	So, of course, many more communities would like to have the Screen Machine visit, than we can fit into our touring circuit.
18438	Soon afterwards, the French government held a solemn procession in Paris marking the event.
18439	So once the fire was lit, off went the heating.
18440	So, one of the biggest ones early on, and it’s still my favorite to this day, is Klaviyo.
18441	"Soon I became tired of working for clients and kind of got the entrepreneurial bug.
18442	Soon there are only cooperative molecules and no selfish ones.
18443	So, on the train ride home from Waterloo to Woking Rob, Ian and Jonathan decided that they could not short change your donations.
18444	Soon you begin a descent of the wooded slope of Cropton Bank.
18445	So, ordinary tax-free cash protection would only apply if a person loses or gives up their primary protection.
18446	Sophisticated interiors a variety of bedrooms great public spaces beautiful grounds overlooking the Yare River Valley and ample free onsite parking all combine to offer the perfect backdrop for a relaxing leisure or business break.
18447	So please do bring your better halves and make sure that they enjoy themselves, especially If you are going to need their permission to play In some of the games during the summer, ha ha.
18448	So pleased you slept well, enjoyed the home and everything Rhosneigr has to offer!
18449	Sopra Steria also reports a median pay gap of 36.7% and bonus gap data of 55% and 75% for the mean and media respectively.
18450	Sopra Steria’s STORM system is integral to this.”
18451	SOPs are fundamental to ensuring that licensed activities are undertaken consistently, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
18452	So rather than seeing VAT registration as a threat, you could view it as an opportunity to make your business better prepared and more productive than ever before.
18453	So, rather than suggesting they’d make the perfect gift, we thought we’d thing-we-like them now so you can buy them in the sale and not have to worry about giving them away to anyone.
18454	So rather than wasting your hard earned money out on the high street, browsing predictable options which leave you uninspired, itâ€™s time to treat yourself to something different which wonâ€™t leave you financially destitute.
18455	Sorry, I couldn’t hear you over the chorus of confused questions, like, where do you start?
18456	Sorry, no dogs allowed in The Hen House but the owner does accept them in their other property.
18457	Sorry, there are no press releases available at the moment.
18458	SOS campaign success!
18459	So, she wanted to volunteer and asked if she could help with Housekeeping.
18460	So sooner or later we are going to have to either transform genes in the gene pool, or select against deleterious genes at the blastacyst stage.
18461	So stay conventional.
18462	So stock up in Edale – and perhaps for the next leg too, as Standedge is similarly bereft.
18463	So, take a look and grab a pair for less.
18464	So take care when merging a list and using only an initial level match.
18465	So that makes you callous does it not?
18466	So that's how he gets those killer pecs!
18467	So, that’s it, no chocolate or sweets for me until mid-April as I have given up some things that I enjoy for Lent.
18468	So that’s over a million a year in income with two part-time jobs.
18469	So the cargo bike should be here any day now.
18470	So the core of the collaboration for you are the products?
18471	So the huge increase overall in apprenticeships does not seem to be getting much traction among school leavers, and it is worth asking: why not?
18472	So the line will be down for over a month.
18473	"So the news today that it appears that policing is to be protected from further reductions is very, very welcome news, as is the increase in counter-terrorism funding, given recent events.
18474	So the nine-hole course will be made longer.
18475	So, there is a special merger regime in the water sector which takes place in two phases.
18476	So the system can get 'stuck' on hot water or central heating.
18477	So the testing to see if there were there.
18478	So, the website is a simple search facility for anyone looking for a car wash.
18479	So they had the idea: “We’re not going to run candidates.”
18480	So, they haven’t proposed to you yet?
18481	So this dispute, is the sum of both parties liability valuation.
18482	So, this is not always about getting people’s backing for change.
18483	So this is really the essence of the Biennale for me.
18484	So this software really does help correct setup errors.
18485	So, today Monty tried omelette fingers, which were a big hit, and there was no choking.
18486	So today seems to be a positive day!
18487	So, trying or eating a good variety of fruits including nuts, vegetables, legumes, wholegrain cereals and low-fat dairy products as healthy snacks help the person in achieving good hair as well as facial conditions.
18488	So try to avoid this at all costs.
18489	Soul Survivor leader Mike Pilavachi speaks on reaching and keeping 20 somethings in churches.
18490	‘Sound and silence in Chinese women’s mosques - identity, faith, and equality’
18491	Sounds good - but it will not help.
18492	Sounds like a great holiday, but this wasn’t just for fun.
18493	Sounds like the right decision to keep C with you if there is a lot going on at your sister's.
18494	Sounds too good to be true right?
18495	Source One offer a wide range of furniture and storage solutions covering everything from low-cost off the shelf products to developing something bespoke to maximise unusual spaces.
18496	Southampton to West Cowes - foldable cycles only, carriage is free of charge but they must be carried in a suitable protective bag.
18497	Southampton weather: find free weather forecasts for Southampton with weather outlooks, temperatures, wind speed and humidity figures.
18498	Southampton Web Design is an independent web development and design company.
18499	South Belfast was recently lit up when a multi-cultural lantern parade was staged.
18500	Southeastern services ‘have largely been running smoothly’ since the introduction of a new train timetable.
18501	Southern Rhône Reds Autumn is definitely in full swing now, the trees dispersing of their leaves and pointedly preparing for another naked winter.
18502	South facing and over looks the rear garden.
18503	Southgate told the rest of the squad that Kane was his choice as captain at George's Park on Monday evening.
18504	Southill made 154-9 off their 15 eight ball overs, their top scorer being Ajay Momi (52 off 44 balls), with support from Lee Hoggett (22), until both were run out.
18505	South Warwickshire Specialist Falls Service This service provides an outpatient services to people who have fallen or who are at risk of a further fall.
18506	South West Coast Path (SWCP) is a 630-mile national trail which runs from Minehead in Somerset to Poole Harbour in Dorset.
18507	South West England Double Glazing, Conservatories, Doors & moreSkip to main content Anglian Home Improvements uses cookies to give you the best possible experience of our website.
18508	South Western Railway recognises the need for this website to be accessible to all.
18509	So we always give customers more than they spent when they have small issues like that.
18510	So we believe we have a balance of teaching our pupils to drive safely but also encouraging them to book their driving test as soon as they are ready.
18511	So we called OFCOM, we complained that the telephony operator was being uncooperative verging on obstructive, but they couldn't have cared a less.
18512	So we did the cruise port parking for $50.
18513	So we feel very good about that, and it gives us some sort of inspiration and impetus to go on and do even greater things.
18514	So we know the problem, and are well on the way to solving it, but it’s hard to meet a deadline when you don’t know when it is.
18515	So we must assume that this Edward was Edward Taverner Senior, the father of the Edward Taverner who died in 1608, and that he had joined his sons Guy and Giles to work on the construction of Wadham College in Oxford.
18516	So we told the investment company to pay Miss E what her investment would have been worth if the capital had grown in line with the movement of a suitable benchmark less the current value of the unsuitable investment.
18517	So we wanted to mirror that connection here.
18518	So we want to fill this place out.”
18519	So what are the best museums for keeping your kids entertained?
18520	So, what are your new domain options?
18521	So what can you do if you don’t have a garden to make the most of the glorious weather?
18522	So what drove so ludicrous a string of denials?
18523	So what’s the appeal of colouring in for adults?
18524	So what’s the attraction of investing in international shares?
18525	So what’s the best way to get your survey in front of them?
18526	So what, then, for our future framework?
18527	So, when addressing your customers, whether it’s in an email, a phone call, or in person, always use their name.
18528	So when I left art school, I felt this great yearning to be exhibiting, and so my friends and I clubbed together and exhibited off our own steam in completely improvised venues.
18529	So, where do we want competition to get better in payment systems?
18530	So where is the best place for a motorist to leave their vehicle while they are wizzing around the district?
18531	So whether it is a bed for the night, a meal with family and friends or a few casual drinks you’re sure to be offered a warm welcome by Nick and his team!
18532	So whether you’re looking to live near a particular station, school or are keen to splash around on the river, we can help you find your ideal property in Ely.
18533	So which one should you choose?
18534	So while 5% of 18-24 year-olds have seen or met Prince Harry, the proportion is not much different among the 65+ age group (3%).
18535	So, while cheeky twosome Mel and Sue are providing innuendo to make Mary Berry blush, we’re visiting the crème de la crème of Bake Off-inspired rentals.
18536	So, while enjoying the ride, drive safe.
18537	So, while losing a bit of money here, they will not be without innovative possibilities to increase their income elsewhere.
18538	So while not categorically stating the arrangements were abusive, the CJEU adopted the position of economic reality.
18539	So while the C-HR hybrid is sharp to drive, it also boasts headline figures of 74.3mpg and 86g/km – hard to beat for a ‘normal’ hybrid.
18540	So, why do we forget the nose?
18541	So why is life so tough for those who do not fit the mould?
18542	So, why not stop by the enclosure next time you visit and see what ours are eating?
18543	So will you make my wish come true, with a pair of Felicity as my something new!
18544	So, within three clicks users can discover their recommended surface, learn more about the product and also read case studies where the surface has been used.
18545	So, with so much to see and do, where to stay?
18546	So with the above in mind, what does 2018 have in store for the UK Energy economy?
18547	"So yeah, it's travelled far further than anybody anticipated."
18548	So you are going to university.
18549	So, you could modify the display of a video in a 3D composition, adjusting the position of the camera rotating around it, changing its position in space, and altering a colour balance filter on the video.
18550	So you’d expect FOE to be supporting this new strategy and action plan, but we’re not.
18551	So, you might rest assured your term-paper service is going to be delivered by means of a specialist.
18552	So you want to insulate you loft space or attic?
18553	So, you will need professional help from a financial planner or lawyer to set up a discretionary trust, and probably at intervals in the future too.
18554	Space for a dryer.
18555	Space for electric cooker, fridge/ freezer and dishwasher.
18556	Space for fridge/freezer, space for tumble dryer or dishwasher, double radiator.
18557	Space for gas cooker and washing machine with integrated fridge/freezer and dishwasher.
18558	Space for upright fridge freezer and plumbing for a washing machine.
18559	Space in the back is generous, passengers will have no trouble finding room for feet, knees or head.
18560	Space saving idea for multiple bottle to be placed on a table during a function.
18561	Space the nails about 150mm apart around the edges but in the centre 225mm apart.
18562	Spacious and welcoming with a large garden, Holeslack Farmhouse is great for larger family groups.
18563	Spacious four bedroom maisonette located within William Street West, North Shields.
18564	Spacious four bedroom, two bathroom link detached house with garage and parking.
18565	Spa is a special kind of treatment which …
18566	Spanish morning was a huge success again this year.
18567	Spanish tapas restaurant Los Reyes in Hitchin combines locally sourced ingredients with real Spanish ingredients to create its tapas selection.
18568	Spanning the breadth of the North American continent, the USA has a very varied climate.
18569	Spare bulbs of the correct wattage should always be carried on board, together with other electrical spares such as fuses and an emergency alternative to your fixed navigation lights in case they should fail.
18570	Spatial data are often inexact with levels of inherent and perceived uncertainty.
18571	Spatial designers are talented technicians and connected creatives who work across the boundaries of architecture, interior design, landscape, art and engineering.
18572	Spa treatments can be arranged.
18573	Speaking after the meeting Kevin Gillott said: “I was delighted to receive the Panel’s endorsement and can’t wait to start now.
18574	Speaking at the event will be former Dragon’s Den star Hilary Devey, herself a very successful businesswoman.
18575	Speaking from my own experience the class was a very effective forum to begin to think through a strategic change in which I am currently involved.
18576	Speaking from Westminster, Maria said “I am pleased to show my support for the solar industry by signing this letter, which shares many of the views that have been relayed to me by constituents across the Lewes constituency.”
18577	Speaking of Al Green, if you're in a pious mood and in town on Sunday, you can visit the Full Gospel Tabernacle where none other than the Reverend Al Green preaches, sings and exhorts on the good word, welcoming parishioners and visitors alike.
18578	Speaking of credit… make sure your credit record is spick and span.
18579	Speaking of the launch, Jonathan Bradford, managing director, said: "We have spent a great deal of time and effort into creating a website that is easy to use, convenient and looks good.
18580	Speaking to Mozambican reporters covering the meeting of the UN General Assembly in New York, President Guebuza pointed out that “more than 100 countries are involved, and within each of these countries there are various interests”.
18581	Speak to one of the team if you’d like t take advantage.
18582	Speak to us today to discuss your requirements.
18583	Special care needs to be taken when a public inquiry is set up, and there are parallel and ongoing criminal investigations (para’s 6.3 and 28 of the England and Wales and Scottish versions refer respectively).
18584	Specialising in lithographic print, we offer full colour solutions whatever your business requirements are, from business cards and letterheads to leaflets and booklets.
18585	Specialising in SEO, PPC, Influencer Marketing, Social Media and Display, we are all about best-practise, transparency and results.
18586	Specialist in stress and anxiety based conditions.
18587	Specialists in 80's movie figures and statutes with a large range of collectible figures including popular items from manufactures such as Funko, NECA and Hot Toys.
18588	Specialists in car and van leasing and contract hire for business and private users in the UK.
18589	Speciality nights include build-a-burger and steak night.
18590	Special reasons can be argued for any motoring offence, if applicable.
18591	Special Recognition Award- Lee Welland.
18592	Special rules: Maximum two rods, lead weights must not exceed 4ozs, baits only as listed on website.
18593	Special thanks to you and Sue who sorted out some particular niggles and of course also to Adam who was very responsive and coped exceedingly promptly with some minor hiccups which arose.
18594	Specialties include; B2B sales, Reception, PA/Secretarial, Customer Services, Purchase Ledger, Sales Ledger, Administration.
18595	Specifications: Case - 30 mm, Water resistant up to 50 m, Swiss made.
18596	Specifics are: all identified company assets, based in Suffolk office, the corporate communications infrastructure that supports all company business areas and functions.
18597	Specific subject marks may be required for some courses and where this is the case, this should be studied as a 4 hour subject.
18598	Specsavers opticians in Keighley has raised over £100 this Valentine’s Day, after holding a bake sale to raise money for charity.
18599	Spectators basked in the searing heat and sunshine as the BTCC provided yet more thrills and spills with Adam Morgan, Andrew Jordan and Mat Jackson all walking away with a victory apiece.
18600	Speed Conservatory Roof Systems is Scotland’s largest conservatory roof specialist.
18601	Speed dropped from 5+Mbps to under 1Mbps and connection kept dropping.
18602	Speedy appointment, friendly service, the staff didn't make me feel uncomfortable. i asked for a oil change and they checked my tyres, brakes and filled my screen wash up etc. I was extremely happy with this level of service.
18603	Spellbinding stories from Father Christmas's favourite elf and the Christmas Tree Fairy, plus join in with jolly japes, special songs and write your letter to the great man himself.
18604	Spelling is generally accurate with rare errors eg ‘lifes’/ ‘childreen’.
18605	Spelthorne Council embarked on a restoration project of the two acre garden, starting in the autumn of 1985.
18606	Spend a day in nature, whether on the beach or red squirrel spotting in the woodland.
18607	Spending money you don’t have isn’t always off-limits, which is why things like small business loans and investors exist.
18608	Spend on any YPO CPD course, does not count towards our Share of Profits Loyalty Scheme.
18609	Spend this time remembering them and focusing on your happy memories, allowing yourself this time to cry.
18610	Spend this weekend creating your own master piece.
18611	Spice magic is amazing.
18612	Spicy Basil - "Try not to order - takes more than an hour for a 10 min destination"
18613	Splashbacks - Brushed Copper This websites use cookies.
18614	Sponsored by Foresters, an international financial and charitable organisation, the runs take place between 29th November and 21st December.
18615	Sponsored content is a great way to get more information across about your product and business than an advert can provide.
18616	Spoon the jam onto one of the sponges, and spread it around generously.
18617	Sport Resolutions liaised with the investigator and the NGB to compile a list of people to be interviewed.
18618	Sports clothing and equipment costs are not eligible.
18619	Sports Technology student Joe Porter has received a £10,000 grant for his idea, PowerRide, which aims to stem global warming.
18620	‘Spotlight on… women in construction’ aims to demonstrate why the construction industry should be addressing the issue of attracting more women into the industry.
18621	Spotting otters, pine martens, ospreys, beaver, golden eagles and deer are not everyday occurrences, but when you're quiet, blending in with your surroundings, and spend some time without moving too much it's amazing what can be revealed.
18622	Spring and summer bring a new interest to the Reserve with over 20 species of butterfly spotted each year.
18623	Springburn began to exert all the pressure and got a second goal from slack marking in the area from a set piece.
18624	Spring means that the world has come alive again, the trees are sprouting leaves and the plants are taking root and introducing us to some colour in the garden.
18625	Spritz Breakout Clearing All Over Toner over areas you're particularly concerned about.
18626	's publication of the suppliers standard variable tariff league table, Energy UK issued the comment below.
18627	Spun Table Light will be a highlight in any room setting, with a fluid pedestal base that stabilizes the design and adds an attractive finishing touch to this beautiful table lamp.
18628	Spurs would be willing to offer a similar package to Harry Kane, which would put Bale on around £200,000 per week.
18629	SQA is ambitious for Gaelic in Scotland.
18630	SQUAD: Burnham Under-14 girls (from left) - back row - Courtney, Ellen, Emma, Libby, Macey; front - Jess, Libby, Ruby.
18631	Square and curved shower bath panels from Lauren.
18632	Square One Law has continued its regional expansion with the opening of a new office in Tees Valley, as well…
18633	Squeezing a tick’s body can cause it to expel blood back into your dog, increasing the risk of infection.
18634	Srarfi did not make his first start for Nice until last February and he only played five times in Ligue 1 during his first five months in France, although he always retained faith in his ability.
18635	Stability when cornering is also significantly improved due to the excellent grip levels of the tyre.
18636	Stackpole Outdoor Learning Centre can host upto 140 guests with a choice of Visit Wales four-star rated accommodation.
18637	Stade Saturdays continues its 2015 summer season this coming Saturday, 04 July with two performances of 'Planetary', on the Stade Open Space in Hastings Old Town.
18638	Staff are now appealing for donations to help "save the penguins" and restore them so that future generations can visit them in the Institute's museum.
18639	Staff are paying homage to mutt-loving Julie Ace who started as a Kennel Assistant in 1996 because she 'wanted to work with dogs.'
18640	STAFF at a leading firm have picked a charity aiming to build a cancer centre as its fundraising cause for the next two years.
18641	Staff at Oakwood Prep School have praised their Year 6 pupils after every one of them was awarded a place at their chosen secondary school.
18642	Staff at the wildlife centre have nicknamed the pup Theon, with a number of seals at the centre recently adopting Game of Thrones identities!
18643	STAFF BANK SERVICE Bank Advanced Nurse Practitioners (Extended Scope) Band 8a: £40,833 – £49,000 per annum, pro rata As part of our Primary Care Transformation, NHS Forth Valley aim to offer a multi-professional model of care within our GP practices.
18644	“Staff do not manage children's behaviour well.
18645	Staff felt listened to when they raised issues, but were less positive about the follow up action taken.
18646	Staff from the Civil Identification Directorate and from the National Immigration Service will be sent to assist in this task.
18647	Staff from the Florentine Energy Agency learnt more about The Big Switch Off Campaign, which has helped save money through reducing electricity usage and costs in council buildings.
18648	Staff have taken part in the Virgin London Marathon, the Three Peaks Challenge, Tough udder and 300-mile bicycle ride from London to Paris to name but a few.
18649	Staff registering using an access code may use the websites for the purposes of information and research, in accordance with the Corporate subscription agreement and the terms and conditions of the websites.
18650	Staff Requests received after this deadline are not guaranteed to be processed by the standard payroll deadline.
18651	Staff told us they were supported and felt valued; they thought highly of the matron who they said was very visible supportive and kept them well informed.
18652	Staff were really helpful and freindly, the room was very quiet and the bed comfortable.
18653	Staff were threatened with the knives and the tools were used to wedge open the tills.
18654	Stagshaw Drive, Peterborough - 2 Bedroom Flat - SequenceUpdate your browser to view this website correctly.
18655	Stainless steel sockets, brushed steel sockets, fire alarm cable, bt cable, sat cable.
18656	Stairs from hall to first floor landing: access to roof space.
18657	Stairs rising to the first floor: Good sized double bedroom with full bathroom and shower over.
18658	Stairs to first floor with storage cupboard below, further built in cupboard, radiator, two wall lights.
18659	Staithes railway station is now a private residence.
18660	Stake plants well, but don’t tie the plants too tightly as the strings may wound the stems.
18661	St Albans City Station staff rescuing the cat.
18662	STALYBRIDGE and Hyde MP Jonathan Reynolds has visited a pioneering doctors' surgery, as part of a scheme set up to help politicians learn more about general practice.
18663	Stamford Lions put their disappointing end to the Peterborough League campaign behind them to book their place into the Ancaster Cup final after a 3-1 win away at Deeping Rangers Reserves on Tuesday night.
18664	Standard cars now get 227bhp as part of the 2017 facelift, although you can get an extra 15bhp on top of that, and a limited-slip front differential, by choosing the Performance Pack.
18665	'standard cash withdrawals rate'means the interest rate that applies to cash withdrawals that don't benefit from a promotional interest rate.
18666	Standard delivery arrival times vary from product to product and depend on where in the UK you want it delivered - upon checkout, you will receive an estimated delivery for your entire order.
18667	Standard dialling rates apply.
18668	Standard documents to be obtained from the internet - www.conveyance.directline.com.
18669	Standard geographic charges from landlines and mobiles apply and calls may be included in your telecom provider's call package.
18670	Standard Personal Insurance is included in the course fees.
18671	Standards for high volume or value services or departments.
18672	Standing at 6ft 5, it is no surprise the Turk opted to be a 'keeper, and he made the most of his height against Brighton with several top drawer stops, including a penalty save with the score a 1-1.
18673	Standing deputies are appointed on a rolling basis, without reference to a specific complaint.
18674	Standing up for someone in even a simple way can have an effect that will echo on down and stay with us for many years to come.
18675	Stand out from the crowd with the Crimson Red Large Suitcase whilst keeping your luggage secure with the 3 point TSA clip lock, conforming to all US travel regulations.
18676	Standout touches include internally routed cables and a very neat IS Disc mount between the seat and chainstays.
18677	Stand out when you step out in these men's Horizon Low Trainers from Jordan.
18678	St.Andrews is a deconsecrated church that is now used as a performance venue.
18679	STANWAY Boxmen remain unbeaten in the Worcestershire Cricket Board Indoor League Evesham Division.
18680	Star of the story produced personalised story books.
18681	Star students at City of London Academy Islington on A-level/BTEC results day 2017.
18682	Start an online t-shirt businessT-shirts are a blank canvas for artists and entrepreneurs alike, and a great entry point for starting an online business.
18683	Start by reading more details here on our website.
18684	Start by tiling below and to one side of the pipe.
18685	Start collecting your favourite products to your wishlist and find them later saved here.
18686	StarTech.com Replacement USB Mouse to PS/2 Adapter - F/M - USB mouse to PS2 Adapter - USB to PS2 Adapter -
18687	Starting in October, our Hub will offer pre-application meetings, dedicated case officers and access to the website portal.
18688	Starting in the inauspicious setting of an Irish pub, the whisper ends up travelling across the entire globe, with mass crowds of people toasting parsnips, llamas and Martians, among other less clear subjects of celebration.
18689	Starting near the impressive Caernarfon Castle, the traffic-free route climbs 152m (500ft) over 10 miles to its highest point, a radio mast south of Penygroes, before a gentle downhill stretch to the village of Bryncir.
18690	Starting off really quite a modest church in the Saxon period and that grows a bit and grows a bit and then it has this horrible fire in the 11th century, then it is rebuilt and that grows.
18691	Starting using our tool and let the Surrey Comet help you to find your dream job today.
18692	‘State of Grace’, ‘Red’, ‘All Too Well’, 'I Almost Do’, ‘The Last Time’ and ‘Sad Beautiful Tragic’ are also said to have been written about the ‘Stronger’ actor.
18693	State Pension age should rise to age 68 over a two year period, starting in 2037 and ending in 2039, seven years earlier than the currently legislated 2044-46 step up.
18694	Stating or formulating your purposes under one (or perhaps more) of these categories can help at all stages of a research enquiry, especially at the outset, i.e.
18695	Statistical modelling shows that up to 140 killed or seriously injured child casualties could be saved each year if 20 mph speed limits had been applied in these areas (2).
18696	Statistical models integrating data from publications on AMR in NTS and E. coli studies show a higher overall prevalence of AMR in pig isolates, and an increase in levels of AMR over the years.
18697	Statistics show that only half of people who preferred to die at home actually died at home.
18698	Statutory guidance for Clinical Commissioning Groups and NHS England on involving patients and the public.
18699	Stay Active Sessions are suitable for either the more mature person or persons either starting exercise for the first time or returning to exercise after a long break.
18700	Stay ahead of the curve with the best training and be part of a diverse and highly skilled team of experts, all while making a real impact with the work you do.
18701	Stay aware and share these simple steps with your friends, colleagues and loved ones.
18702	Stay connected with instant access to your financials via the Xero online portal and smartphone app.
18703	Stayed with three kids (6,8 & 10) and couple of friends and had a wonderful time, so much space in the living areas, large bedrooms and double sized bathrooms.
18704	Stay informed about fairs and events at your host university, those can be very informative, sometimes include freebies and it’s a great way to hang out with your newly made friends.
18705	Staying in Sutton Courtenay, where the All Saints’ Singers would welcome new members.
18706	Staying up half the night before or overindulging is probably not going to give you your best learning experience.
18707	Stay relaxed on long journeys, knowing Adaptive Cruise Control is always there to lend a helping hand.
18708	Stay safe and enjoy your driving.
18709	Stay up to date with the latest Tu collection.
18710	Stay up to date with the newest arrivals and best offers, as well as getting 10% off your first order at Ernest Jones.
18711	Stay with us for 2 nights and save 15%.
18712	St David's Hall, Cardiff - Discounts and ConcessionsThis website uses cookies in order to function.
18713	Steady running will increase your fitness, tone your muscles, and help condition your body ready for a faster pace.
18714	Steeda’s turnkey upgrade adds a more sporting focus to the Ford Mustang 5.0 V8 GT.
18715	Steeped in Edwardian and Victorian history the West End is home to some of Scotland’s most unique and prolific architecture.
18716	Step by step he was given the language to explain his thoughts, feelings and ideas.
18717	Stephanie concedes that enterprise has downsides such as isolation and stress but gets a lift from talking with other like-minded go-it-alone people.
18718	STEPHEN Bear has bought himself two new dogs after posting an emotional video explaining the death of his pup, Wolverine.
18719	Stephen Colbert’s term “truthiness” – what simply feels right – is often more pertinent and persuasive than the truth.
18720	Stephen Hope the Artistic Director of Oxford Villages Choir invites you to come and sing Handel's Messiah in Dorchester Abbey on Saturday 26th June in aid of Helen Douglas House.
18721	Stephen Martin, director general of the IoD, said the new administration should emphasise its commitment to the business community.
18722	Stephen Nicholson has spent ten years building a database of the 1,065 soldiers from his hometown of Darlington who perished in the First World War.
18723	Stephen Pritchard fell next, caught after facing 49 deliveries for his contribution of 24 and it was soon 149-6 following the loss of Alex Paget for nine.
18724	“Stephen was very unique,” says Prof Shellard.
18725	Step inside the C-HR’s spacious interior and enjoy the simplistic, yet luxurious layout.
18726	Step one – bringing Congress to heel – proved remarkably easy.
18727	Step out to churches, more noble palaces, charming shops and eateries.
18728	Sterling arranged a mortgage of £500,000 over 15 years, plus a seasonal overdraft facility of £50,000.
18729	Sterling Bathrooms is a family run business, based in Farnborough, Hampshire.
18730	Steve Angello will be joined by Martin Garrix, Sigma and Sigala at Creamfields presents Steel Yard at Liverpool’s Central Dock on Saturday 25 November 2017.
18731	Steve Best came close to an equaliser when his header to a Robbie Lawrence corner hit the bar.
18732	Steve Corbett is the editor of The Sun TV Magazine and TV Soap.
18733	Steve Jones, organiser of the dapper event, said they raised £500.
18734	Stevenage Borough Council’s Strategic Director Peter Bandy said, “We are extremely proud of the way the market has survived the recession.
18735	Stevenage Borough Council will notify anybody who has made a complaint against a neighbour of the action that we intend to take, or have taken.
18736	Steven Quinn and Axel Oskar Andresson are still suffering from the knee and ankle injuries, while Tommy Elphick is rated as a doubt for the game.
18737	Steven started playing the fiddle as a young boy and continues a family tradition of fiddling.
18738	Steven wanted something more challenging and suited to his interests so he started volunteering with disabled young people.
18739	Steve Tandy’s limited edition and original artwork is now exhibited throughout some of the many prestigious galleries throughout the UK and Australia.
18740	Steve won the World Seniors Championship in 2013.
18741	“Steve Ypey will take over as secretary as he will take on a more active role.
18742	Stick to the facts and avoid using statements of judgement.
18743	Stick to virgin media or Sky!
18744	Stick your tongue out at the world with the Stephen Cheetham’s funny "Faces" reusable bag.
18745	Sticky patches containing various suspected allergens are placed on the person’s back.
18746	Sticky technologies lie somewhere between fluid technologies and Latourian immutable mobiles: they work precisely because they are mobile and not overly adaptable, yet they retain some flexibility by reaching out to shape and be shaped by their users.
18747	Sticky Toffee Pudding, all for just £26.95 per person!
18748	Still at least moves are afoot to get people into town by the means of free entertainment when we arrive; and hopefully we’ll spend some money when we get there, lest our beloved centre will resemble a haggard waif some short time in the future.
18749	Still been out and about with island visitors looking for wildlife and birds and…
18750	Still got plenty to do in life, just need a soul mate to share it all with.
18751	Still life painting proved a particular challenge, but Cadogan compared himself favourably to the artists he encountered in museum collections and commercial art galleries around the capital, including "those German painters at the Tate" (ACAD 1/27).
18752	Still needs some coat hooks in lobby!
18753	Still steeped in rich tradition, the architecture, particularly when dusted with a layer of snow, looks like a scene from a storybook.
18754	Stimulating debate and interest around the subject of consumer vulnerability so that firms better understand the issue and act appropriately.
18755	Stir in the fresh parsley.
18756	St Mary is a spacious King size room at the back of the house, on the second floor.
18757	St Mary’s Church in Shalford will be holding a summer book sale in aid of church funds on Saturday 4th July, from 9am until 2pm.
18758	St Mary’s Church is surrounded by the White Garden, with peonies, clematis, roses and tulips.
18759	St Neots was chosen by the combined authority as the starting point for a renewed focus on market towns and is the first in a series of masterplan studies proposed for the market towns of Cambridgeshire by the mayor, James Palmer.
18760	Stockport's Where The Light Gets In restaurant named among top 10 in the UKDelicious magazine said it could be 'the restaurant world's new frontier'
18761	Stockport third floor of girls' wing.
18762	Stockshifters sepcialise in auctioning retail surplus stock on-line, primarily for the apparel sector.
18763	Stockton Business Reviews - Shopping & Business - Stockton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
18764	Stock up on the essential staples in your wardrobe with 2 for £12 on selected tops at River Island.
18765	Stoke by Nayland Wedding Sneak Peek Kirsty & James Stoke by Nayland Wedding Bride getting…
18766	Stoke have recorded 20 home victories of 45 matches against The Gunners.
18767	Stoke Library opened on Monday 19 January 2009 at the new Stoke Local Centre.
18768	Stolen Futures draws on the same Syrian civil society-sourced databases that informed previous casualty statistics, published by the UN and others, but examines in unprecedented detail the information they contain on victims and how they were killed.
18769	Stonearth specialise in contemporary and traditional stone bathroom products such as wash basins and tiles.
18770	Stone effect mosaic border for your wall.
18771	Stoneguard ‘All Risks’ Insurance is administered by Bridge Insurance Brokers and underwritten by Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance PLC.
18772	Stonehenge is not the only mysterious ancient circle in Wiltshire.
18773	Stonehouse residents are calling for a halt to a process which could see a key piece of land sold off for a filling station.
18774	Stonewall is extremely concerned by recent reports that LGBT people are being arrested and tortured in Azerbaijan.
18775	Stool has a stout base with flared legs.
18776	Stop and think before you fall head over heels.
18777	Stop here for a pint of local ale while exploring the valley.
18778	Stories of recent lost gloves would be.
18779	Storing carbon dioxide emissions deep below ground – in a technique known as carbon capture and storage – can help limit the amount of greenhouse gases released to the atmosphere and limit climate change.
18780	Story is here to give clients a one-stop-shop by supplying everything from pitch through to production.
18781	Stradun, the old town’s main artery, brims with stylish bars.
18782	Straight edge tile trim to create a clean, streamlined look next to tiles.
18783	Straightforward advice, friendly service and good prices.
18784	"Straightforward salt sprays can sometimes leave hair a bit too crunchy, but the hydrating sugar in helps soften the total effect.
18785	Strangely, while we try hard to be good, we see all kinds of things around us being destroyed.
18786	Stranger things have happened!
18787	Strange thing is - with my work; I can remember everything, everyone, every appointment.
18788	Strap on your safety goggles, boys and girls: Science's greatest and most volatile show is arriving here with a vengeance.
18789	Stratford-on-Avon District Council are able to provide rough sleepers or those at risk with information, advice and support or may refer to partner agencies better suited to assist.
18790	Stratford Superstore - Sainsbury's Store LocatorIf you are seeing this message, that means JavaScript has been disabled on your browser to make this app work.
18791	Stratford-upon-Avon is an ancient Warwickshire market town on the banks of the River Avon.
18792	Strathtay House is a purpose-built care home in a residential area of Perth, on the banks of the River Tay.
18793	Strawberry frozen yoghurts and mini desserts have been introduced to our menus as healthier options for our guests and these dishes have reduced the overall sugar average for the desserts category in Brewers Fayre by 16% over the last year.
18794	Streamline domestic and foreign payments and collections while also making the best use of cash balances.
18795	Streatham Park Cemetery was opened in 1908 to meet the growing needs of families in South London.
18796	Street artist Thierry Noir has created a vibrant mural inspired by Poussin’s 'The Triumph of David'.
18797	Street Champions were local people who worked alongside Croydon Council and its partners to encourage residents and businesses to recycle more, manage their waste responsibly and reduce instances of environmental crime.
18798	Street furniture is installed for practical reasons but it can also have an aesthetic purpose too.
18799	Stress can be caused by many things including exam pressures and relationship pressures.
18800	Stressing that a business should have the opportunity to sort out matters with its customers, before the ombudsman can formally step in.
18801	Stretching from Haltwhistle in the southwest to Berwick-upon-Tweed in the northeast – two places that, even as the crow flies, are about 95km apart – Northumberland covers more than 5,000 square kilometres.
18802	Strictly Class 2 NIC (the type of NIC that self-employed people pay to gain access to the benefits system) are only payable if your profits are over £5,965 (in 2016/17) but you can pay them voluntarily if your profits are below this amount.
18803	Striker Scott Vernon is expected to be side-lined for another week.
18804	Strip the sprigs and add the leaves to a solution of two parts honey, one part water.
18805	Strong and stable, Vogel’s motorised mounting solutions are perfect for interactive displays.
18806	Strong Language and sexual references.
18807	Strong, stable and durable design for long term usage.
18808	Struan Tonnar, who is captain of Solway Sharks and also works for the council, said: “The level of hockey has been fantastic and I really think we have given the hockey fans a great event to support.
18809	Structure and Form in the Babylonian Talmud (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1991), 32.
18810	Structure One has had an eventful day.
18811	St. Thomas: We scheduled a snorkeling excursion in St. Johns at Trunk Bay.
18812	Stuart Douch, head teacher, said: “It was invigorating and enthusing for us to meet an old Abbottonian who is creating great literature and inspiring others to express themselves with the written word.”
18813	Stuart joined the City-REDI team in March 2017 as Centre Manager.
18814	Stuck in outdated left versus right political ideology with a tax & targeted welfare regime that is obsolete, they trade insults and argue at the margins as New Zealand, the land of opportunity, slips away.
18815	Student.com explains why consistency is key when scaling up overseas.
18816	Students also had the chance to ask Matt questions and network with each other at the end of the event.
18817	Students and parents can find out more about our courses, student life and applying to university.
18818	Students are encouraged to take risks with their work and start to develop their own individual practice.
18819	Students are invited to participate in a number of clubs each week, such as art & craft, dance, languages and sports.
18820	Students are not permitted to accrue additional hours to facilitate time off in some weeks and aim to complete 75 hours over a 2 week period (to allow for shift patterns).
18821	Students can be of different ages - adults as well as young people.
18822	Students gain both a deeper knowledge of the music and a set of skills for discovering and communicating new knowledge about music.
18823	Students learn to draw formally and apply knowledge and understanding to solve problems based on graphical outcomes.
18824	Students look at some of the opportunities open to them at the open evening.
18825	Students may complete some courses over a variable period of time (for example research degrees and some part-time degrees).
18826	Students on a foundation year were excluded.
18827	Students, staff and fellows turned out to welcome her back to College.
18828	Students study current issues relating to health, the science of nutrition, the importance of a healthy diet and how to develop innovative, healthy foods which will optimise sports performance.
18829	Students were given helium balloons and invited to write their hopes for the future on them.
18830	Students will become fluent in structural biology and acquire an expect understanding of structural bioinformatics, and cheminformatics.
18831	Students will have the opportunity to progress to higher education at degree level and beyond as well as seeking employment within their industry of choice in the sporting world.
18832	Students will not experience discrimination on any counts.
18833	Students will work to create a 3D model of the R34 Air Ship which was the first to do a double crossing of the Atlantic before landing in Pulham.
18834	Students with their results.
18835	Studies also register its effectiveness into the treatment of inveterate suffering associated with diseases such as fibromyalgia and spinal twine injury.
18836	Studies have also indicated that children who participate in Performing Arts can enjoy improved performance in more traditionally academic subject such as mathematics and English.
18837	Studies have found that dogs living in homes with smokers have significantly higher levels of cotinine (a product of nicotine) in their blood.
18838	Studies of volcanic areas in and Germany where carbon dioxide is coming to the surface helps us learn more about how CO affects ecosystems.
18839	Studies that have very high excess treatment costs or support costs are unlikely to be adopted by NHS trusts or commissioners, and so may not represent good value for money.
18840	Studio classes using a mixture of equipment including: dumbbells, barbells, kettlebells, resistance bands, steps and mats.
18841	Studio Language Courses (Cambs) is a language school offering a range of language courses to students.
18842	Study has shown that this concern is baseless.
18843	Studying Drama, Theatre and Performance will open your eyes to a wide range of career possibilities in the cultural sector and allow you to engage with leading arts industry professionals.
18844	Study of General History IX seeks to provide a detailed introduction to the European territories during the seventeenth century, though with considerable opportunity to extend the examination to Asia and the Americas.
18845	Stuff that we remove includes cookers, chairs, sofa removal and paper and cardboard boxes.
18846	Stuff that we remove includes pianos, old ovens, piles of topsoil / dirt and sofa removal.
18847	Stuff that we remove includes white goods, freezers, filing cabinets and mixed waste.
18848	Stunning group of around 40ish Fish; - 6 Massive adult Angelfish - 2 big Clown Loach - 30 odd Sailfin Mollies All really healthy.
18849	Stunning views over the Kyle of Tongue.
18850	Sturdier and more stable than a front basket, this rear basket permanently attaches to the rack on the back of your bike and will easily carry 10kg to 15kg of weight if needed.
18851	Sturdy and durable, this bed frame has an attractive low style, complemented by a high padded headboard with stitched detailing.
18852	Styvechale, Coventry I have thoroughly enjoyed reading your site.
18853	Subaru's range of SUVs and crossovers have also proven more popular over the last 12 months; the Forester remains the bestseller in the UK, with 1210 cars sold in 2014, a rise of 33% over 2013.
18854	Subcribe to the Mottingham Newsletter for Events & News » Mottingham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
18855	Subject Access Request - ConsumerDoes this Subject Access request include Consumer level data?
18856	Subject to certain conditions being met, 100% enhanced capital allowances are available for expenditure incurred by companies on qualifying plant or machinery for use primarily in designated sites within Enterprise Zones.
18857	Subject to model and colour availability at participating dealers on vehicles registered between 1/4/2018 and 30/6/2018 and may change without further notice.
18858	Subject to programming and traffic layouts, it may be necessary to utilise temporary speed restrictions, again to ensure the safety of all road users and the workforce.
18859	“, subject to the conditions laid out in planning permission”.
18860	Submit planning application - Wokingham Borough Council This site uses cookies to make the site simpler.
18861	Submit your Dunstable Local Links - Dunstable TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
18862	Subsequent generations of prospective donors face a very different financial landscape.
18863	Subsequently the SWC will publish a Strategic Housing and Employment Land Availability Assessment (SHELAA – previously only land available for housing was requested hence referred to as a Strategic Housing Land Availability Assessment).
18864	Substantial and meaningful, providing a real workplace experience.
18865	Substitute, John Martin squared the ball to Aborah deep into stoppage time who hammered the ball into the net from 25 yards to compound Derry's woes on a night to forget for the Foyelsiders.
18866	Subtle branding on the zip pulls.
18867	Successful applicants to the funded programme will have access to industry placements, mentoring and coaching, business development and procurement knowledge.
18868	Successful applicants will be able to take four GCSEs over the course of one academic year.
18869	Successful completion of the Diploma means that you will gain the qualification necessary for you to apply for Qualified Teacher Learning and Skills (QTLS) status.
18870	Successful completion of the WBQ Advanced Skills Challenge Certificate plus 2 GCE A-Levels at grades A*AA.
18871	Successful deposits will be immediately and greeted by a notification.
18872	Success in the Sussex Cup enables teams to play in the regional heats, and regional and national finals.
18873	Such a beautiful timber framed barn that is a stunning wedding venue.
18874	Such a good film I wanted to sit through it all again.
18875	Such as the wrong horse being taken to the races – or the morning a randomly-behaved horse called Norman Conquest ran straight into the middle of a pool of water and refused to budge.
18876	Such cookies are used to provide aggregated statistics on visitors to our websites.
18877	Such crude masks were all that were available for soldiers throughout much of 1915.
18878	Such indicators should help industry to meet the demands being placed upon it, and point to action that might be taken to reduce some of the environmental costs attached to the structure and operation of the air cargo industry.
18879	Such is the fluency of this Slaughteil team that they looked at times as if they had two extra men on the field.
18880	Such is their popularity, especially with women drivers, that every manufacturer now offers its own version, from the humble Dacia Duster (from £9,495) to the aforementioned Qashqai (from £18,545) and beyond.
18881	Such requests fall under the Re-use of Public Sector Information Regulations 2015.
18882	Such sessions involved wine tasting, beer tasting, basic excel skills, film school, summer BBQ cooking, and a personal finance workshop.
18883	Such tools might improve collaboration internally, and they might help track customer feedback externally on social media platforms.
18884	Sue joined Kent Police in October 1988 and worked in a variety of roles across the Force, including ranks of Constable, Sergeant and Inspector.
18885	Suet balls - Suet - save nature while you shopIt appears that your browser has JavaScript disabled.
18886	Suffice to say I couldn’t wait to get out of that place - such a torturous experience completely undid all the good I’d been trying to achieve and set me back months!
18887	Suffice to say it’s gonna be a looooong year until pic.
18888	Suffice to say that the launch is likely to be a bit slow, but it will ‘work’.
18889	• Sufficient time and resources are identified and made available for maintaining the on-going governance of the scheme.
18890	Suffolk Police are supporting National Child Sexual Exploitation Awareness Day.
18891	Suffolk remains one of the safest counties, despite seeing a small rise in the number of recorded crime, according to new figures.
18892	Suffolk singer Ed Sheeran is being tipped to hit the top spot this Christmas thanks to his collaboration with Beyoncé.
18893	Suggested donations can be removed in your cart.
18894	Suitable for all, though some imagery and content may be a little graphic due to the subject matter.
18895	Suitable for beginners, this fun workshop will combine traditional string making techniques with contemporary design.
18896	Suitable for carrying by hand or over the shoulder, there is also a handy internal pocket, perfect for your bits and bobs.
18897	Suitable for families or those looking to sample the local fresh catch of the day.
18898	Suitable for fitting to any of Price Glass and Glazing Ltd windows in either ‘replacement’ or ‘new build’ situations, ensure your windows are as visually stunning as they are practical.
18899	Suitable for use with a vanity unit or worktop, it carries a 20-year guarantee from the manufacturer.
18900	Suite comprising of bath, separate shower cubicle, Wash hand basin and vanity unit, W/C, Velux window to rear aspect.
18901	Summary of a Royal Engineer’s formula for converting Cassini grid references with an accuracy of +/- 200 mtrs.
18902	Summary: The Ombudsman will not investigate this complaint about the Council’s record of a loan repayment.
18903	Summer Holiday tickets: The tabs above allow you to select between links to suppliers and date searching.
18904	Summer is often difficult for hay fever suffers, the symptoms of which can be quite debilitating without medication, that quick trip to the chemist to buy an off-the-shelf product could land you in trouble behind the wheel of a car.
18905	Summertime is here, and that means we’re at the peak of our need for a decent hair control strategy.
18906	Sunday events at Cromer included market stalls, music, and a competition to find Cromer’s best dressed crab, as well as a closing barbecue, bar and band.
18907	Sun Hydraulics Ltd is a supplier of various hydraulic equipment and devices for a range of industrial uses.
18908	SUNNY Andre is someone who wants to take on the entertainment world in all its variety.
18909	Sunshine is brilliant today, but I am freezing.
18910	SunSport profiles Germany ahead of this summer’s World Cup in Russia – The Scottish SunJump directly to the contentNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.
18911	Superb food, urban yet rustic interiors and personable service give Aubaine an air of relaxed sophistication and an aura of chic.
18912	Superbly finished, the products are particularly suitable for domestic, commercial, and can enhance the exterior.
18913	Superbly located, the cottage allows you to enjoy exceptional uninterrupted panoramic views over the loch and the magnificent mountains of North Western Sutherland.
18914	Superb modern (2012), two bed apartment with balcony, open plan living and a fab location close to the Prom.
18915	Super comfortable, super strong and will last a very very long time.
18916	Superfast broadband is currently available in 51% of premises with an average download speed of 38Mbps.
18917	Superficial and more like west end theatre than opera.
18918	Superficially the same as it was in the first Unibody MacBook of 2008 it may be, but still waters run deep.
18919	Super good value and we really enjoyed seeing the planes land right over us.
18920	Super Resolution Microscopy, which was recognised with a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2014 and which will form one of the technological backbones of COMPARE, will offer the ability to visualise single proteins interacting with each other.
18921	Supervised by Tuck the Shepherd you can watch as the smallest members of the Willows Farm flock arrive into the world.
18922	Supplementary Agreement (Social Work) 2018/19 (282KB) - This document sets out the additional terms of the agreement that you are making with The Open University (OU) relating to your study towards a Social Work degree.
18923	Suppliers of key brands; Original cereals, circle leys, lg maize, root & forage crops.
18924	Suppliers to the industry were also recognised and Ravensworth were successful in the Best Industry Supplier Fundraising category.
18925	Supplies are flown in by helicopter to the remote area of Itipo, where we have set up an Ebola transit centre.
18926	Supply and fitting of high quality bathroom adaptations, bathrooms, wet rooms and kitchens.
18927	Supply and install Stretch ceiling systems.
18928	“Supply Chain pressures and migrant workers: Deteriorating job quality in the United Kingdom food-processing industry”,Low-Wage Work in the United Kingdom.
18929	Supply data for the week ending June 16 from the American Petroleum Institute (API) will be released tonight ahead of the official figures from Energy Information Administration (EIA) tomorrow.
18930	Support and advice was available 24 hours a day seven days a week.
18931	Support and encouragement to families and individuals with FSH.
18932	Supported housing for 16-25 year olds (Bicester & Oxford).
18933	Supporter Phil Rowan wrote on Twitter: “I doubt if I have been a Liverpool away match, in the UK or Europe, even pre season friendlies, when I haven’t seen Yvonne McLeod.
18934	Supporters claim it has beneficial effects on diseases such as cardiovascular disease, which are associated with a modern Western diet.
18935	Supporters held rallies and charity music gigs.
18936	Support for siblings of children with disabilities delivered by Mencap.
18937	Support for weapons convoys moved from the RAF to AWE.
18938	Supporting local authorities to develop strategies to address their demographic challenges using migration as a potential lever of growth.
18939	Supporting our development, creative, financial and investment teams.
18940	Supporting records may include a time sheet register and a project time / cost ledger for fixed price contracts.
18941	Support services should be located at places that young carers find accessible.
18942	Support the board by providing resources, time and training needed to govern the scheme well.
18943	Support the ELR and have a chance of winning up to £25.000!
18944	Support/training services can be purchased for assistance in the management of the system whilst executing projects.
18945	Support your local environment - Durham County CouncilWe have recently updated our privacy information.
18946	Support your universityNorthumbria University uses cookies to improve your experience on our site.
18947	Sure enough, as I ran down the stairs a hundred seconds after midnight, it was just pulling in. For less frequent services, such as Metropolitan Line trains to Amersham, the timetables become event more important.
18948	Surely detail needs to be provided to clarify exactly what the concerns are, or else it is simply disqualification by numbers.
18949	Surely he would’ve known earlier.’
18950	Surely, if you are disabled, you need to use a disabled bay to park your car, and who is the council to say whether or not you actually need the wider bay?
18951	Surely we need to evaluate the effectiveness of our aid through donating things like soap and computers and put our resources into offering skills and employment which have long term value.
18952	Surely you're all having a laugh?
18953	Surface wear including some scratches and abrasions, some dirt.
18954	Surgery for constipation : systematic review and practice recommendations : Results IV : Recto-vaginal reinforcement procedures.
18955	"Surgery has went well and she is slowly on the mend.
18956	Surprisingly, however, those in the rear seats have more headroom in the Convertible with its soft roof lining than the metal-topped Coupe, which is cramped for those over five foot eight.
18957	Surprisingly, the scientists found that men living with diabetes were not more likely to suffer cancer.
18958	Surrey Hills Brewery, a craft brewery where you can sample a variety of local beers is also based at Denbies Wine Estate.
18959	Surrey Police has been contacted for comment.
18960	Surrey Police is good at reducing crime and preventing offending.
18961	Surrounded by beautiful countryside, it lies within easy reach of nearby Sleights, Grosmont, Egton Bridge and Whitby.
18962	Surround yourself with people and don't feel like a burden - they love you!
18963	Surveys are then circulated to ask for feedback on the issues raised.
18964	Survival and Bushcraft courses here at Basic Bushcraft are made to be fun and great learning experiences for all that join us at the Basic Bushcraft school.
18965	Survival tactics have included mergers, takeovers, diversifying income sources, increased partnerships, reducing costs and ultimately services.
18966	Susannah-Mia has been carried off to New York to give birth, Terrified of what may happen, Jake, Father Callahan and Oy follow.
18967	Suspicious purchase trends are identified and investigated if they arise.
18968	Sussex Food and Drink Awards 2016 at the Amex Stadium.
18969	Sustainability features include orientation to maximise natural light, locally sourced materials, photovoltaic panels, air source heat pumps and some natural ventilation.
18970	"Sustainable forestry and wood using businesses require effective and co-ordinated representation to advise and inform political thinking and communicate the benefits of our industry to the wider public.
18971	Sutton Bank in the Hambledon Hills offers magnificent views across the vale and makes a very pleasant walking location.
18972	Suzanne has a long track record of successfully advising and acting on behalf of a range of landlords and tenants in all property sectors in respect of complex rent reviews, lease renewals, lease regears and other lease consultancy related matters.
18973	Suzerainty refers to the domination of one state by another acting as an overlord.
18974	Swale has a strong voluntary and community sector that often relies on the use of volunteers to be able to deliver local services.
18975	Swanborough House is small development of four flats, that fronts onto Brookfields, on the edge of Romsey Town, within easy reach of local shops, pubs, city centre, railway station and Addenbrooke's Hospital.
18976	Swansea's last home defeat was actually against Spurs at the start of January.
18977	Swansea University has reached an important milestone in the development of its new Science and Innovation Campus.
18978	Swansea waited and by the time he returned from a stellar Euros the asking price had gone up and the Welsh club would not match it.
18979	Swapping unhealthy quick fixes like chocolate bars, fizzy drinks and caffeine for foods that give a natural boost is a simple way to ensure you are getting your energy the right way!
18980	Swarovski® is a registered trademark of Swarovski AG.
18981	Swedish with Deep Tissue Therapy Classic styles combine to provide the release of multiple knotted areas Hot Stone Massage Heated smooth, flat stones placed on key points of the body, allowing muscle relaxation.
18982	Swimming and water sports are gaining in popularity.
18983	Swimming Pool Maintenance and Water Filtration Welcome to Splash, we are based in the UK and operate an outstanding nationwide service.
18984	Switch off electrical appliances when not in use, unless they're designed to stay on.
18985	Switch to Jag Express when you need an overseas courier service from Huntingdon, Cambridge or the surrounding area, and enjoy the many benefits of our economical, flexible and reliable service.
18986	Switzerland is a country with an excellent attitude towards scientific development.
18987	Switzerland is also our biggest export destination for semi-precious or precious metal jewellery, with £949 million pounds worth arriving at their borders in 2014.
18988	S worked solely for PP for a period of almost six years.
18989	‘Sydney Gardens’, as the development will be known, is ideally located within the town.
18990	Symbian is owned by the world's leading mobile computing and telecommunications device manufacturers, Ericsson, Nokia, Motorola and Psion.
18991	Symptoms can develop immediately following exposure but can also appear several hours later outside working hours in the evening or early morning.
18992	Symptoms from childhood often persist into adulthood, but may be experienced differently.
18993	• Synergies between different types of data, including between in situ and satellite data sources.
18994	Syngenta has studied in a laboratory the time taken for aphids to feed on a leaf and transmit virus, demonstrating how quickly PLENUM caused the aphid to stop feeding.
18995	Syresham’s advantage at the top remains at 10 points with two to play after Wroxton beat Charlton, while further down the table, Charlie Thomas (6-12) starred for Evenley in their six-wicket victory over MK Afro Caribbean.
18996	System of financial support for members: Briefing note (
18997	SYSU will also actively encourage and support applications to prestigious and very well-funded National programs such as the 1000 Talent and the Yangzi Scholarships.
18998	Table 1.1 details the composition of the House by party/group affiliation and membership type; Table 1.2 by party/group affiliation and gender; and Table 1.3 by type of peerage and gender.
18999	Table A shows the latest estimates, for July to September 2015, for employment, unemployment and economic inactivity.
19000	Tablets vary greatly in their size, colour and logo markings.
19001	Tabs FM represent a mature, user focused approach to Computer Aided Facilities Management software (CAFM).
19002	Tacita Dean (b.1965) is a British European artist based in Berlin and Los Angeles who works with many mediums but primarily in film.
19003	Tackling drug resistance doesn’t only mean finding new drug types and combinations – it also means spotting when treatment has stopped working much earlier than is currently possible.
19004	“Tackling low income is increasingly about tackling the problems faced by low-earning working households.
19005	“Tai chi – taking part in things to connect the body and mind help.
19006	Tailgate wash/wipe, Electric traction assist system, Electric power steering, 'Ford Power' starter button, Trip computer, Colour keyed electric heated door mirrors, Antimon interior trim, Diesel particulate filter.
19007	Takács String Quartet - Snape MaltingsWe use cookies on this website to improve how it works and how it’s used.
19008	Take a breath in at the top and as you breathe out, sequence down your spine.
19009	Take a drive through the Orotava Valley, stopping at the Humboldt viewpoint.
19010	Take advantage of our experience and industry contacts to find the right data to deliver exceptional client results.
19011	Take advantage of our promotion: use the code PILL2 when ordering for an immediate 7.5% discount!
19012	Take advantage of this offer to shop these stylish t-shirts, earrings and more with a great reduction in price at this website.
19013	Take advantage of this opportunity and get a wonderful saving from this online retailer with the help of this coupon code.
19014	Take a gander at ceramic porridge pot and elegant kettle.
19015	Take a look at our facilities and the work we do.
19016	Take a look at our hair skin and nails vitamins with collagen supplement to help support the growth, maintenance and strength.
19017	Take a look at the gallery below, showing Grace at work in her studio and her favourite paintings.
19018	Take a look at what The Atkinson can offer for your school.
19019	Take a look through our range of log cabins near York with hot tubs below to find the perfect accommodation for you.
19020	Take and chart observations of residents, including weight, food and liquid intakes/outputs.
19021	Take a step back in time and look for signs of our ancestors in this mysterious woodland.
19022	Take a tour of Cawdor Castle, a superb fairy-tale castle romantically linked with Shakespeare’s Macbeth.
19023	Take a walk in the countryside on a warm summer’s day and you’ll see some familiar sights: cows lazing in the sun, green hills and valleys, lanes bordered by bustling hedgerows.
19024	Take away any plant pots, furniture or ornaments so they don’t get covered in the vinegar water.
19025	Take a zero of the end of that number and you’ll have the first part of your tax code.
19026	Take Cohline near Ramsgate, for example.
19027	Take Crabtree & Evelyn - usually associated with pretty, sweet-smelling bath and body products, always beautifully packaged, and a good place to find pleasing Christmas presents.
19028	Take harungana, which is used in Madagascan traditional medicine to heal wounds, and has been shown to work 40 per cent more effectively than the far better-known retinol.
19029	Taken in 1929, here is a group photograph of what was possibly the final Board of Guardians before the union was wound up.
19030	Take not, good cousin, further than you should.
19031	Take on this challenge and help us transform the lives of the most vulnerable children in the country.
19032	Take some time out from your daily routine and treat yourself, relax and unwind.
19033	Take the look of natural stone and the raw beauty of volcanic rocks to your kitchen design with Stix porcelain and ceramic tile range where black meets white tones.
19034	Take the lyrics from I See The Light, a sweet ditty about how meeting the love of your life opens your eyes to all the beauty in the world.
19035	Take the stress out of finding your way around Dublin – the CitySightseeing Dublin hop on hop off bus takes you to all of the city’s biggest sights and attractions!
19036	Take the train nearest to Journey time 1 hour 30 minutes.
19037	Take the ultimate undersea safari and enjoy incredibly close encounters with seahorses, native sharks and hundreds of amazing aquatic creatures.
19038	Take time to study the Lunar Terminator, which is the sunrise/sunset line that sweeps across the surface of the Moon, or the area where the light and dark parts of the Moon meet.
19039	Take your eye for interior design outside and shop Cox & Cox's beautiful collection of outdoor furniture and accessories.
19040	Take your free online screening today.
19041	Take yourself off to Iran's "Triangle Tourism": the stunning cities of Yazd, Shiraz, and Isfahan.
19042	Taking a break from BBC's Have I Got News For You, one of Britain's greatest comedians will be taking over the stage on Friday, July 13.
19043	Taking a light-hearted approach the campaign’s premise is that bad driving is a turn-off to someone of the opposite sex.
19044	Taking a long-term view: Trustees’ decisions should be consistent with their long-term funding and investment targets and their view of the employer covenant.
19045	Taking a section from the Reivers Cycle Route, Tynemouth to Kielder, can be taken across two days, enabling you to do a shorter and perhaps more enjoyable ride for those who seek it.
19046	Taking care of my hair has been a beautiful ritual and having the choice to have hair or not.
19047	Taking cues from folk revivalists such as Laura Marling, Eliza Carthy, Frank Turner and Seth Lakeman, combine beautiful, female-vocal-driven acoustic music with mariachi-style upbeat pop/rock hooks.
19048	Taking Exams - B3 Computerised Mock - is result instant?
19049	Taking inspiration from Macbeth, one of Shakespeare’s greatest tragedies, the piece sets a contemporary narrative against the plays’ classic themes.
19050	“Taking responsibility for the production of the UK’s largest regional newspaper Express & Star, its sister title Shropshire Star and more than a dozen successful weekly paid for and free titles will be no mean feat.
19051	Taking the fall!
19052	Taking this alternative route offers the opportunity to look at an ancient watermill.
19053	Taking up Hans Christian Anderson’s fairy tale of the same name, Brand invites an assembly of infants to judge on the fairness of a society riven with the most grotesque inequality.
19054	Taking us back to the golden age of espionage, A Spy Named Orphan reveals the impact of one of the most dangerous and enigmatic Soviet agents of the twentieth century, whose actions heightened the tensions of the Cold War.
19055	Talk about sticking your dick in a hornets’ nest!
19056	Talking about mental wellbeing is a good first step.
19057	Talking Birds has a noble tradition of celebrating anniversaries in style.
19058	Talking of X-rated fun… The next-generation Xbox One X gaming console was also released this month (November 7), boasting a hugely powerful spec, including 4K, HDR and Dolby Atmos support.
19059	Talking to Sarah she described how it was a special day with each of them winning an award.
19060	Talk of sequels seemd assured until he was abruptly turned to dust during The Snap.
19061	Talks can be aimed at those aged 11 and above.
19062	Talkshop Youth Centre Browser does not support script.
19063	Talks take place in the Court Room.
19064	TalkTalk customers who plan to move in to a new property can use a bespoke online service from TalkTalk which will allow them to place an order to move their broadband into the new house online.
19065	TalkTalk gives you pay as you go calls as standard.
19066	Talk through their worries, and offer to help with a job search in return for help around the house.
19067	Talk to us about your financial plans for retirement.
19068	Talk to us today about your personal finances.
19069	Taller buildings are naturally more flexible than low rise buildings and structures.
19070	Talon: The Acoustic Collection: Up Close and Personal, Friday 8pm, £16.
19071	Tamas Haydu, CCF Chief Executive, comments, “Cornwall Glass are an exemplary business having invested with us over the long term to ensure they can help local Cornish communities in perpetuity.
19072	Tammy joined the Widening Participation (WP) team at Warwick in March 2018 and has worked in WP research and evaluation since 2011.
19073	Tamoxifen is in fact a targeted treatment because of its specific action in blocking the binding of oestrogen to breast cancer cells, but the term ‘targeted’ is generally used to describe more recently designed and developed drugs.
19074	Taped joints, exposed or loose wiring.
19075	Tarpey got the goal his endeavour deserved with 52 minutes gone.
19076	Taste Cumbria Christmas can also donate to the Cumbria Flood Appeal at the festival.
19077	Tasty, cheap and the service was friendly.
19078	Tattershall, a local Chartist, spoke of chartist ranks being, "powerfully recruited by Recruiting Sergeant Hunger and ably supported by Corporal Discontent".
19079	Taught by curators, working with a rich group of diverse partner organisations in the sector.
19080	Taxi ride to the marina was quite long.
19081	Tax-Motivated Incorporations or “TMIs” were mentioned in the 2015 Summer Budget Report in the context of the introduction of the new increased rates of Income Tax on dividends, as part of measures to start reducing the incentive to incorporate.
19082	Tax Professional Trainees, with support from ’s Tax Development Professional Programme.
19083	Tax relief will be allowable on bad debts incurred on peer-to-peer loans against other peer-to-peer income.
19084	"Tayabali & White have shone a bright light through the finances of our organisation and added appreciable value to what we do.
19085	Taylor Vinters employment law update conference explored the effects of social media and technology on employment.
19086	Taylor was found guilty by a jury on Thursday, April 20 following a 3-day trial at Ipswich Crown Court.
19087	T C's Apply 18 BET NOW Up football predictions week 1 nfl to 100 in bet credits.
19088	TD agreed with the statement but said there could be political reasons why this agreement is not reached.
19089	TDC has now commissioned a new independent report and as part of that process would like to gather views from members of the public through consultation.
19090	TD claims that no reckoning ever took place before auditors RM and JS and puts himself upon the country, and WW with Alice put themselves similarly.
19091	Teachers and prefects could do it.
19092	Teachers or school representatives must fill out the online booking form in full, including a summary statement.
19093	Teachers should make sure that pupils build on what they have learnt, particularly in terms of the range of their writing and the more varied grammar, vocabulary and narrative structures from which they can draw to express their ideas.
19094	Teaching contact is carried out using email and online platforms such as Skype.
19095	Teaching materials are linked to current news stories and research studies, helping teachers to put the lessons into a wider scientific context.
19096	Teaching money in the primary classroom is an excellent start.
19097	Teaching spaces will include workshops for vocational learning on resistant materials and art, as well as traditional classrooms for maths, English, science and other subjects.
19098	Teaching unions see the trend as evidence of growing "pay inequality" and say it is due to greater flexibility over pay and the rise of academies.
19099	Teaching your children to be good with money from a young age can increase their chances of being wise with money as an adult.
19100	Team Easter - Head office colleagues heading to stores to help out at a busy time!
19101	Team Members will be accountable for for Supporting and contributing to the effective operation of the business as a member of the unit team.
19102	Teams are run from Year 3 upwards.
19103	Team this design with your favourite party dress for after-dark glamour.
19104	Tech giants have been trying to balance the need for free speech with the removal of unacceptable content.
19105	Techman, with the cabinet comes an aggregation nodes with spare fibres, and each cabinet is likely to be fed by a 24 fibre cable with 1 in use.
19106	Tech Missions can greatly overcome this shortfall.
19107	Techné Merlin 246 Stainless Steel And Leather Watch - Techne watches ' 'merlin 246' timepiece takes its name from the celebrated piston engine used in the legendary wwii p-51 mustang fighter jet.
19108	Technological advancements in the fight against cyber crimes including online grooming were showcased at an event on Thursday 25 May.
19109	Technological advances are changing the nature of business vehicles and the role of the Fleet Manager.
19110	Technological complications means that bitcoin is limited, but the technology powering it could become incredibly important, said Gary Cohn.
19111	Technology is helping solve the problem.
19112	Technology stocks were in the green in Seoul, but they failed to offset losses seen largely among banks and manufacturing plays.
19113	Technosecurity and Cultures of ApatheiaScience as Culture (special issue on Technosecurity).
19114	Ted Cruz leads in two states and Rubio in one, but The Donald is ahead in eight.
19115	Teddington Festival of Rugby: Jackson-Stops & Staff, which has a strong presence in south-west London with offices in Teddington, Wimbledon and Richmond, was on hand to provide fun for the community at the Teddington Festival of Rugby earlier this month.
19116	Ted wasn't keen on getting into a vehicle initially but now we've been to exciting places for walks he now asks to get into the van!
19117	Teenage burglar caught in the act by dog walkerAndrew Moon, 18, of Taylor Avenue, Waterfoot, raided a house on Newchurch Road in Rawtenstall with another offender and made off with various electrical items and jewellery.
19118	Teenagers' bones are still growing and strengthening, and eating disorders like can affect their development.
19119	TeenStar are on the lookout to find the best singers and dancers from Leeds and around the UK, and auditions are open now!
19120	Teeny Daisy and Circle earrings in silver and 18ct gold.
19121	Tees Rivers Trust Project Officer Zoe Fraser, said: "The Tees Tidy Up is an event that aims to address a real issue on the River Tees and worldwide.
19122	Telegenic celebrity academics are surely envied rather than snubbed these days in all but the most ivied of universities.
19123	Telegraph: Investment may not flow into the UK energy sector for several years because so much uncertainty remains over new policies, a leading renewable energy investment boutique has warned.
19124	Telemedicine has been successfully used by the NHS for a number of years and has shown good results both in terms of customer satisfaction and case management.
19125	Telesources Consultancy is a recruitment agency which helps employers to fill vacancies and jobseekers to find work across various market sectors.
19126	Television as Digital Media.
19127	Tell Dundee about your experience of Downfield Surgery.
19128	Telling of all the moonlit reeds around.’
19129	Tell Leamington Spa about your experience of House Portraits Etc.
19130	Tell Leamington Spa about your experience of WPB Maintenance.
19131	TELL ME how you would check that the direction indicators are working.
19132	Tell Perth about your experience of Scottish Hydro Electric.
19133	Tell Rugby about your experience of Rugby Visitor Centre.
19134	Tell Rugby about your experience of Wilson's.
19135	Tell us about a change of circumstancesTell the Council Tax office about a change to your circumstances through an online form.
19136	Tell us about the festival you co-founded, the Good Life Experience.
19137	Tell your story and highlight key evidence so that you are building on, but not using exactly the same phrases contained in your CV.
19138	Temperatures inland are expected to get to a balmy 20C!
19139	Tempers flared after the unsighted referee disallowed the score and Thorne’s Adan Smith was sent off ten minutes from time for dissent.
19140	Temple Cloud is a village within the beautiful Chew Valley equally accessible to Wells, Bath and Bristol with all providing wide ranges of amenities and facilities.
19141	Tenancy Application Fees for St Neots - Sharman Quinney We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website.
19142	Tenants are responsible for ensuring the rent is paid in full and on time.
19143	Tenderers MAY bid for single or multiple lots, and MAY be awarded single or multiple lots.
19144	Ten different landscape types have been identified within the AONB.
19145	Ten Facts about the TudorsTake a trip back in time with National Geographic Kids and discover ten terrific facts about the Tudors.
19146	Tennis rackets and balls for hire for both adults and children.
19147	Ten per cent of the profit from our adoptions will go to our conservation partners including Pembrokeshire-based Neptune’s Army of Rubbish Cleaners (N.A.R.C.) which carry out underwater dives to help clean up the coastline and protect marine life.
19148	Tensions reignited last with the opening of the 2018 Venice Architecture Biennale.
19149	Ten years ago: Mystery circles in the sand and grass at Compton intrigued visitors and would have no doubt sparked the fascination of the Island’s former UFO society.
19150	Terahertz radiation can be produced using miniature lasers, known as quantum cascade lasers.
19151	Terahertz radiation is in addition being used in the School to indentify the presence of and image hidden mural paintings.
19152	Termites- In general, the termites live in huge groups and these creatures are very much capable of eroding many important articles at both your house and your work place.
19153	Terms and ConditionsBefore viewing the Part-145 Initial Approval or Variation, you must have read and accepted the Terms & Conditions below.
19154	Terms and Conditions relating to the specific role and client will be made visible to you prior to commencing any assignment, including notice period requirements.
19155	Terms and conditions – Win a Panasonic Freeview Play TV – 21.12.2016 – 11.01.
19156	Terraced house for sale - investors and first time buyers: Two bedroom Terrace in need of some modernisation this property will be of particular interest to first time buyers looking to put their own stamp on a property, investors or a developer landlord.
19157	Terraced house to rent - A charming 2 bed terraced cottage situated within walking distance to the town centre with lounge/diner and modern fitted kitchen together with gas fired central heating, enclosed rear garden and on road permit parking.
19158	Terrain The route is mostly flat but has numerous stiles and is therefore unsuitable for wheelchair users or those with mobility problems.
19159	Terrapins should not be petted.
19160	TerraQuest provides highly secure, accurate, efficient and effective front and back office business administrative services and business solutions to a range of public and private sector organisations.
19161	Terrorist atrocities and the rise in political isolationism do not engender positive views about growth and prosperity.
19162	Terry Eagleton became an Emeritus Fellow at Wadham in 2014.
19163	Terry is shown receiving his Certificate of Commendation from Ian Johnston, Chief Constable, BTP.
19164	Tesco’s Head of Community Alec Brown said: “Year upon year we are taken aback by the generosity of customers who give to the Food Collection in our stores the length and breadth of the UK.
19165	Tes, formerly known as the Times Educational Supplement, is a weekly UK education publication.
19166	Tess Ainley is also exhibiting at the same place.
19167	Tested the key short-term support at 66.10 (printed an intraday low of 66.01 before an hourly close back above 66.10 as seen in yesterday, 12 Apr U.S. session).
19168	Testicular cancer - Macmillan Cancer Support Find information, articles and activities relevant to you.
19169	Testimonials are curated by Andy McKay and are not independently reviewed or verified.
19170	Testing by C&G 2391 electrical qualified supervisor over 30 yrs experience.
19171	Testing how the new business identity works across varied media such as signage, promotional merchandise, enables us to subtly tweak it in order to ensure brand consistency throughout all your communications and touch points.
19172	Testing is a strange department some days it can be hectic and busy for the full work day, other days its ad-hoc testing (posh way of saying “play with the app and see what you can break.”
19173	Tests can help to confirm the diagnosis of GORD, check for other possible causes of your symptoms and determine whether you may be suitable for surgery.
19174	Test your general knowledge at a fundraising quiz on Friday, 5th September.
19175	Text 'DRIVE' to 63666 and we'll get back to you ASAP.
19176	Textile designs and how they reflect changes in the fashion industry will be focus of the first of a series of talks organised by Bewdley Museum.
19177	Texting is more effective when reaching out to customers than expecting them to reply via email.
19178	Texture’s chic Champagne bar is ideal for sampling Rousset’s extraordinary wine list.
19179	"TfGM cannot proceed until this is resolved.
19180	TfL states the driver experienced three safety incidents in 11 weeks, leading to them being returned to a previous role on a station.
19181	Thackeray’s is named after the author William Makepeace Thackeray, who once stayed at this weather-boarded building overlooking the foot of Tunbridge Wells Common.
19182	Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Milton Keynes.
19183	Thankfully the weather was lovely and we got to spend the day outside painting the garden furniture and taking down the signs and bunting from the Ride for Precious Lives that had finished at Charlton Farm the day before.
19184	Thankfully, university professors employ him privately to repair their academic instruments.
19185	Thankfully we are beginning to address the issue of job quality.
19186	Thankfully we have the opportunity to send some help there at the market this weekend as our local Stroud Rotary Club will be collecting to send “Shelter Boxes” to Nepal.
19187	Thank goodness found this site (via google).
19188	Thank heavens for Frank Sinatra, I say, and some other great peoplewho keep good music alive.
19189	Thank heavens it was finished a matter of months before Ireland’s financial crisis.
19190	Thanks again especially Steve.
19191	Thanks again to Kenny, Paul, Lynne and everyone in the Quadron team.
19192	Thanks and good luck with your recovery, it sounds like your in the right path.
19193	Thanks Anna, we're glad it's been valuable for you!
19194	Thanks Dave,I will try to attend meetings more regularly,as I know I should.
19195	Thanks for posting that, Smudger.
19196	Thanks for taking the time to have a look at our crowd funder.
19197	Thanks for the helpful site, couldn't find anywhere to put a review on the site itself so thought I'd drop an email instead.
19198	Thanks so much again and have a great day.
19199	Thanks to Dr M Hunter and Barnby Gate Surgery, Rachel, Gavin and the OT team and to Lancaster Grange for their care.
19200	Thanks to DVLA making large scale savings to their running costs, we have been able to cut the cost of the driving licence which will save drivers and businesses £150 million over the next ten years.”
19201	Thanks to its international film festival, Cannes is known throughout the world.
19202	Thanks to Matt & Greg.
19203	'Thanks to the Big Lottery Fund we’re able to encourage residents to get online, where they can go about enhancing their social and support circles, as well as gain better access to essential services and activities.'
19204	Thanks to the ease of WordPress almost anyone with a basic understanding of the web can start their own online venture.
19205	Thanks to the Grande Arcade we now have shops such as John Lewis, Pandora, Hollister, Victoria Secrets, Tiger, Ray-Ban and so many more.
19206	Thanks to the latest Core i7-8700K processor, the Vanquish Goliath delivers not four, bit six processor cores and a total of twelve threads thanks to the Core i7’s Hyper-Threading feature.
19207	Thanks to the rising shoulderline, there’s a large mass of metal between the bottom of the rear screen and the taillights.
19208	Thanks to the small charities, their beneficiaries, volunteers, staff and Trustees who allowed us to film some of the vital work that they do in communities across the UK.
19209	Thanks to the soft suspension, there’s lots of body roll when cornering, but, surprisingly, the Pixo doesn’t smooth many potholes or bumps either.
19210	Thanks yet again for a great set-up.
19211	Thank you again, and would also recommend your agency as it was a pleasure to deal with you all.
19212	Thank you all for the efficient professional and caring way that the funeral arrangements were carried out for our late aunt.
19213	Thank you all so much for your efforts to help me get a chair made quickly for my dad.
19214	Thank you Fiona for sending in your story.
19215	Thank you for considering Christ’s Hospital for your sixth form education.
19216	Thank you for doing such a great job installing our heating system.
19217	Thank you for taking the time to review our holiday barn and thank you for your very kind words.
19218	Thank you for taking the time to write such an excellent review, it is much appreciated.
19219	Thank you for this excellent review.
19220	Thank you for your interest in our Extra-Relaxing Facial treatment.
19221	Thank you for your interest in working with Kier.
19222	Thank you for your letter with photos from Maisie and Bess's Wagging Tails holiday.
19223	Thank you for your patience while we attend to this.
19224	Thank you Gill and Steve and for responding so quickly to any questions we had.
19225	Thank you in advance for agreeing to complete the survey.
19226	Thank you once again for taking the time to share your thoughts about our new website.
19227	Thank you so much for your patience and persistence.
19228	Thank you so much to the staff, both the children and I cannot wait to go back!
19229	Thank you to Bristol Street Motors at Sherwood for resolving our issue and u have now honoured original price quoted.
19230	Thank you to Sue Arnold the Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for arranging this visit.
19231	Thank you Wood Green for letting us have our dog, as you can see we just love her.
19232	That again would generate more free media.
19233	That almost put an end to the business.
19234	That and make sure there's plenty of booze!
19235	That aside, once the new ones are on, all is well.
19236	That assumption would be completely wrong.
19237	That attitude will cut deeply into the nationalists’ sense of Britain’s clout on the world stage.
19238	That authority to award the contract delegated to the Corporate Director of Resources in consultation with the Executive Member for Finance, Performance and Community Safety be agreed.
19239	That balloon payment is technically known as the Guaranteed Minimum Future Value, or GMFV.
19240	That being said, Hydrablur Primer is for all skin types.
19241	That being said, the Broads – both in Norfolk and Suffolk – are still seen by many as being a bona fide National Park.
19242	That could put jobs at risk at its factory in Sunderland where 7,000 people are employed.
19243	That Councillor Catherine Dale and Councillor James Barber be appointed as chair and vice-chair of the civic awards sub-committee.
19244	“That Councillor John Bradshaw be elected Deputy Mayor of the Borough for the Municipal Year 2017/18”
19245	That covers new leases and lease renewals on all domestic properties.
19246	That day was horrible and I was unsure again if we were going to stay together which made me feel numb at the thought of losing her and the kids.
19247	That does not mean that we should dismiss it; we are taking it very seriously, and I commit myself to sitting down with the Saudi Arabians to go through it with a fine-toothed comb.
19248	That does not mean there is no testing, I like to automate key user journeys through the system using one of the UI testing frameworks e.g. WebDriver.
19249	That doesn’t mean we are always looking for companies who already have an innovative idea, and we don’t just work with start-up and scale-up stage businesses, either.
19250	That goal two seasons ago at the same stage of the competition and booked his place in the club’s folklore as his spectacular overhead kick equaliser forced the game into extra time.
19251	That goes back to the point raised by the Chairman of the Committee, who asked about last week’s Transport Council, the UK Government’s response and, generally, where we are going on this issue.
19252	That has always been absent from the Government’s thinking.
19253	That has now just been taken away which does give me serious concern, just as it does you.
19254	That I have wept a hundred several times.
19255	That is a fall of 15,200 over the month - significantly greater than the 2,500 anticipated by analysts.
19256	That is a small bit of progress in the right direction.
19257	That is better than the old ways of doing things through targets driven by Whitehall.
19258	That is down to a number of variables and completely out of our control and at the discretion of 3rd parties.
19259	That is, her love; for that is all in all.
19260	That is in recognition of the fact that although those people may not be biological parents, they will often be parents, perhaps even legally, and they will form deep and meaningful relationships with the children in their care.
19261	That is never possible with the tax preparing software.
19262	That is not for everyone, but if you can handle the unpredictability, it’s an exciting journey.
19263	"That is not of course to say that as an island we shouldn't have more powers, but these powers have to be democratic and accountable.
19264	That is obviously in addition to what we inherited.
19265	That is partly thanks to Nissan’s Chassis Control system that uses electronic wizardry to keep those on board balanced and planted firmly on the road – with very little body roll given the size and height of the car.
19266	That is the necessary information as drivers we might be given when learning to drive.
19267	That is the opportunity and that is the challenge.
19268	That is the situation in which leaseholders of houses and flats on long leasehold terms all over the country find themselves.
19269	That is the way football is and sometimes you do not get what you deserve.
19270	That is to say that they shall divide the same into three equal parts or shares between my said son Daniel Jarvis and my said two daughters Sarah Waddington and Elizabeth Jarvis.
19271	That is why at Warwickshire CAVA we invest in our annual away days and ensure that health and well-being is a core element of these days.
19272	That is why both are so popular among their supporters.
19273	“That is why I established the event in 2016 and we are already making plans for Leeds Digital Job Fair 5.0 next year.”
19274	That is why it really makes sense to have all these important components designed by the same company that knows exactly how to combine these elements in order to create a successful branding.
19275	That is why the Government have invested £2 billion in the Post Office since 1997; that is why we have for the first time set out access criteria to guarantee its reach; and that is why we will invest another £1.7 billion between now and 2011.
19276	“That is why we are now a top 40 agent, which is always striving to go even higher.”
19277	That is why we use the latest techniques and modern equipment.
19278	That made it harder to work, which made me panic more about money.
19279	That makes scaling up a much harder problem, moving from questions that can be solved in a constant amount of time to questions that take longer to answer as they get larger.
19280	That may be the main danger in the coming months as wiser political counsels attempt to avert a full-scale confrontation.
19281	That means Apache leaks data from within the protected guest.
19282	That means people are doing our advertising for us.
19283	That means that you can adapt your linguistic skills to suit the region you're visiting during your travels through Canada.
19284	That means these trusts have even raised their dividend payouts during particularly difficult times, such as the financial crisis, and during recessions.
19285	That means third-party apps will be able to tap into the heart rate sensor, accelerometer, and gyroscope of the Watch without having to wait for the Watch to relay that information to the iPhone Health app.
19286	That meant a more advanced role for Forsyth, in the left wing-back position previously occupied by Olsson.
19287	That meant picking and choosing which aspects of Jobs' life got significant attention, and which were quickly touched on.
19288	That nominations for the appointment on the Community Health Council for a period of five years up to the date of the next local government elections in 2022, be forwarded to the Head of Corporate and Customer Services within 7 days.
19289	That number may go over our heads, but just think for a second, almost one in every seven human beings on the planet has a Facebook account.
19290	That patch of land looks looks barely big enough for three buildings to me?
19291	That person shall try to resolve the complaint informally or through conciliation if this is appropriate.
19292	That produced the furniture sculptures, and after that the implications took off in several directions”
19293	That research is not quite finished, but what’s exciting about it, I hope, is that it’s providing evidence, and powerful human stories, not only for a traditional NGO narrative to uphold human rights – though it absolutely is.
19294	That’s 2000 more than I’d like anywhere near me!
19295	That's a huge task and we know we can’t achieve this alone.
19296	That said, clint Capela is really keeping him in check on the stat sheet.
19297	That said, sometimes number 1 is richer than it used to be, with expanded site links, rich snippets, etc.
19298	That said, we do rarely receive any negative feedback, which hopefully is a sign we’re doing a good job!
19299	"That said we were unlucky not to be rewarded more for their creditable team effort.
19300	That’s all definitely in the past for Meghan now though as she prepares to marry Prince Harry at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle on 19 May.
19301	That’s all that you need to have done by 5pm tomorrow.
19302	"That's all well and good", you might say, "but I simply don't have the money for a bespoke website".
19303	That’s always been my favourite M car.
19304	That same year, the collection moved topresent premises which allowed a greater amount of examples to be displayed.
19305	That's a tough question.
19306	That’s because saplings descended from trees which have thrived for hundreds of years in warmer areas further south than our woodland are likely to do better in the climate we expect to have in 50 to 100 years’ time than plants descended from local trees.
19307	That scrutiny gives a quality to the process of ensuring balanced trade defence instruments that are effective.
19308	That’s going to be tens of thousands of jobs.
19309	That should be the anchor text - the clickable words in the links back to your website.
19310	"That's just not an easy injury to predict in terms of recovery," Warriors coach Steve Kerr said.
19311	"That’s just the relentless nature of it."
19312	That’s more than a third of the box.
19313	That’s one way to avoid getting stuck!
19314	That’s really all you pay for it – it comes with free shipping and no monthly terminal fees, like you can get with some other providers.
19315	That’s right because he went from weekly to monthly.
19316	That’s sure to have a very beneficial effect on property prices, too.
19317	That's the idea that on - say - Wednesday and Friday we don't get into the office ‘til 12 and we get work done at home, minus office distractions.
19318	That's the process.
19319	That's the spirit, just watch loads of stuff and wait for the Spring and then Summer to arrive, then we'll have lots more options open to us.
19320	That's three consecutive Q3 appearances.
19321	That's when I realised how difficult she was finding things.
19322	That’s where FSB Energy can be helpful to your business.
19323	“That’s who he was,” Princess Esbrand told the today.
19324	That’s why all of our viewings are scheduled to suit you, and most take place in the evening or at weekends.
19325	That’s why, as part of this year’s activities, the Club joined forces with the Duke of Edinburgh scheme and is asking everyone across the UK to take part in the Get Kids Outdoors Camping Challenge!
19326	That’s why the Mattressman always has someone ready to help.
19327	That’s why they put so much effort into undermining or preventing them.
19328	That's why we have put policies in place to protect your personal information.
19329	That’s why we nurture a pub culture that promotes a relaxed and safe environment, and consumption in moderation.
19330	That’s why we offer our fabulous “TRY US” deals so that you can find an instructor you feel safe, confident and gel with.
19331	That's why we put women's rights at the heart of everything we do.
19332	That’s why we’re calling on local residents and generous supporters to give what they can so, together, we can maintain and improve this beautiful and historic venue.”
19333	That’s why we so highly rate the BetVictor ‘On the Move’ promotion.
19334	That the Board endorsethe Health and Social Care Integration Scheme for Aberdeen City which had been amended to reflect changes in legislation brought about by the Carers (Scotland) Act 2016.
19335	That the Cabinet Member for City Highways concurred with the decisions of the Cabinet Member for Planning and Public Realm to the extent that these are within his terms of reference.
19336	That the Committee scrutinise the Air Quality Data annually how the Council complies with legislation.
19337	That the electrical installation in a rented property is safe when tenants move in and maintained in a safe condition throughout its duration.
19338	That the fixed penalty charge be set at the maximum amount of £5000 where a landlord has failed to comply with a remedial notice.
19339	That the Minutes of the Meeting held on Monday, 30th November 2015 be received, confirmed as a correct record and signed.
19340	That the progress made by the Service in delivering its key objectives be noted and endorsed.
19341	That the regulations constituted an interference with possessions and resulted in a differential treatment of men and women was conceded.
19342	That too was written in a month but she didn’t actually give up on that one quite as quickly as the first.
19343	That trial, led by Professor Keith Willett, found that ankle function at six months was similar in those who had CCC and those who underwent surgery.
19344	That was a great move as they managed to take advantage of a trending piece of news which helped open their engagement reach to an even wider audience.
19345	"That was always going to be, we felt, a problem for us if things changed so late.
19346	That was a sandstone fountain.
19347	That was exciting and terrifying at the same time.’
19348	“That was in the 1950s, now there is maybe one,” he says.
19349	That way you’ll never miss a payment date.
19350	That will be the day net neutrality finally dies in the United States following the publication of the full "Restoring Internet Freedom" FCC rules in the Federal Registry on Friday morning.
19351	That will mean a discussion about how words work (morphology) in English and how they are strung together in order to form phrases and sentences (syntax).
19352	That will not only protect animals from unnecessary suffering, but prevent UK bioscience jobs from going to other EU countries, thus ensuring that one of our most important sectors remains competitive with its rivals around the world.
19353	That worked for a single evening's development and was then disabled.
19354	That would include the builder, the surveyor, engineer and the architect.
19355	The 05:20 Liverpool Lime Street to Newcastle service will be diverted to start from Manchester Piccadilly at 05:57, and will not call at Manchester Victoria.
19356	The 10 years since I was last here has flown by, to be honest.
19357	“The ‘11’ will not be running over Haslingden old Road for the time being, as the snowfall is very heavy.
19358	The 12th CIPD North East of England HR&D Awards are under way and the judging panel will soon get together for the difficult task of choosing winners of the trophies.
19359	The 144 winners are joined by the 88 clubs from step 3 giving 116 winners to 2nd Qual.
19360	The £150 limit applies to all those attending, which has an impact if guests of employees are invited.
19361	The 15-inch tablet alone weighs just 1.80 pounds, surprisingly light to hold in the hand.
19362	The 16-strong team – who called themselves ‘The Kier Cutie Pies’ - raised over £1,500 for Cancer Research UK by completing the 5km run.
19363	The 180 hectares of vines are planted with Cabernet Sauvignon, Carignan, Grenache and Cinsault for the production of red wine and Obaideh and Merwah, two indigenous grape variety related to Chardonnay and Semillon for the production of white.
19364	The 1.8-litre petrol hybrid hatchback is incredibly economical, producing 83.03 mpg.
19365	The 18th mag object has a period of 0.8 years, and a perihelion distance of 0.09 AU.
19366	The 18-year-old European champion collapsed after taking the 200m gold but failing to break the world record.
19367	The 1911 census was taken on the 2nd April and contains millions more records than the previous 1901 census.
19368	The 1940s saw what Drucker calls `his step-by-step abandonment of his own theory of bureaucratic collectivism in favour of Carter's, until, by about 1948, his differences with Carter had disappeared'.
19369	The 1999-2000 season saw the club achieve more progress with promotion to the Dr. Martens League Premier Division as runners up to Fisher Athletic (London) in the Eastern Division.
19370	The £1million project has launched on the streets surrounding Johnstone Town Hall and is also available in public buildings – including the library and the town hall – enabling people to tap into the free service, with no need to log in or register.
19371	The 2008 Research Assessment Exercise showed the University of Leeds to be the UK's eighth biggest research powerhouse.
19372	The 2017 Autumn Budget also allocated money for the Cambridge-Milton Keynes-Oxford growth corridor.
19373	The 2017 Camp Retro team that won the Roger Brummitt TRrophy.
19374	The 2017 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open will take place at Portstewart Golf Club 5-9 July.
19375	The 2017 recruitment campaign resulted in 150 new WCVs across most of the RSPCA’s Inspectorate group areas.
19376	The 2018/19 rate is expected to be increased in line with September CPI.
19377	The £20billion market for such sensors includes oil and gas industries, air quality monitoring, chemical process monitoring, healthcare and defence.
19378	The 20-year-old is one of the most exciting quick bowling prospects in the country.
19379	The 22-year-old’s best results included two excellent 12th place finishes, coming in Thursday’s Superstock race and Saturday’s first Superbike race on the Suzuki GSX-R1000.
19380	The 22-year-old was the League One side’s top summer transfer target and has signed a three-year deal after the clubs agreed terms.
19381	The 2,300 University of Manchester staff, students and alumni who took part in last weekend's SimplyHealth Great Manchester Run have so far raised over £28,000 for worthy causes.
19382	The 25m Greek Doric column is guarded by four couchant lions and topped by a Percy lion passant, with characteristic straight tail.
19383	The 27-year-old celebrated with a wicket in his side’s Twenty 20 international win over England on Friday, which saw the Aussies level the series 1-1.
19384	The 27-year-old was one of the U’s leading appearance-makers, this season and the former Gillingham full-back says it was a positive experience.
19385	The 28-year-old biker secured three top ten finishes on his Thundersport GB Superstock 1000cc Championship debut, aboard the team’s new Kawasaki ZX-10R machine.
19386	The 2 creative partners like to deal directly with the decision makers to cut out the 'muddle-men' and assemble a team of freelancers to suit their clients needs.
19387	The 2nd Battalion was serving at Jhansi, India when war was declared.
19388	The 300-mile London to Paris ride will take place from July 26 to 28, with Matt already having raised £728.
19389	The 304 bus route stops in Colney Heath on the journey from Hitchin to Welham Green, and has seen services cut in half due to dwindling passenger numbers.
19390	The 310-acre Capitol Park distribution centre is conveniently located close by.
19391	The 34-year-old was upset to see them go down, and now says he would find it hard to turn down the opportunity to help the Potters win promotion at the first attempt.
19392	The £3 billion Home Building Fund will also support development on brownfield land, as will the £1.2 billion Starter Homes Land Fund.
19393	The 3-in-1 Trident lead wires are designed to reduce tangling.
19394	The 3 year old is a great little football player, who loves nursery rhymes and drawing together.
19395	The 45,000 cubic metre reservoir has now been filled.
19396	The 470 Exodus litre roof box, below, has loads of room for extra gear and luggage to keep the car clutter-free.
19397	The 4MOTION all-wheel drive increases safety on wet and slippery surfaces and makes the Passat Alltrack a real off-road star.
19398	The 4 Star Langstone Hotel is home to the 2 AA Rosette award winning Brasserie Restaurant and is a very popular wedding and meeting venue.
19399	The 4th and 5th EU Motor Insurance Directives have also made it compulsory for EU insurers to appoint UK representatives to handle any claims for compensation involving UK holidaymakers injured in RTAs through no fault of their own.
19400	The 50-mile Heveningham Tour also returns on Friday, June 29 and the route includes a Ferryman’s picnic which involves a river crossing.
19401	The 50 rooms have air-conditioning, en-suite bathroom, hairdryer, satellite TV, safe and tea/coffee-maker.
19402	The 5.65MPG achieved using Jet 1A fuel is some 5 to 8 times better than comparable tracked vehicles and offers significant oppportunities to reduce fuel and lubricant loads on future similar expeditions.
19403	The £5.6m primary school, which is being built to serve the rapidly growing local community on the new Picket Twenty housing estate, is a 210-place faith school, voluntary aided by the joint education Diocese of Portsmouth & Winchester.
19404	The 59 year-old said: “Rugby is my passion, and I am lucky enough to work in the sport I love.
19405	The 67 bedroomed hotel offers a range of dining options including The Dining Room restaurant bar and lounge and 24 hour room service.
19406	The 700 year old Assay Office may be the oldest in the UK but the success of the sub offices indicates that it has not rested on its laurels.
19407	The $7.1bn (£5.7bn) pre-tax profit is 62% lower than the $18.9bn reported a year earlier.
19408	The 870-mile path is managed by Natural Resources Wales and walkers on the Welsh coast spent £84.7 million in 2014, supporting a 1,000 jobs.
19409	The 88-year-old, who previously ran a fish and chip shop in the town with her late husband George, was taken ill while staying at Olive House Home for Older People in Bacup.
19410	The 8 acre loch at Aigas is the perfect habitat for one of the world’s most important keystone species, the Eurasian beaver In 2006 Aigas Field Centre started a demonstration project to show people the impact of beavers on wetland habitat.
19411	The Abacus Elements Raised Bath Step is a great choice for anyone that wants a stylish step into their bath for anyone that wants a stylish step into their bath.
19412	The AberConnections programme also highlights any volunteering opportunities that are available.
19413	The above amounts have been quoted exclusive of VAT and the inference thereof has not been taken into account.
19414	The abuse can encompass, but is not limited to psychological, physical, sexual, financial and emotional.
19415	The AC-130 is a development of the Lockheed C-130 Hercules which has side-mounted machine guns and a powerful 105mm howitzer.
19416	The academic year at the University of Aberdeen starts in mid-September each year, and most taught postgraduate programmes begin at that time, but some programmes have a January intake too.
19417	The access you have to lecturers, professors and practicing architects, both within the department and the college, is what makes studying architecture at Cambridge a very personal experience."
19418	The accident forced Simon to pull out of last weekend’s live shows but, whilst it’s not yet been confirmed, it’s thought that he’s likely to return this Saturday night.
19419	The accident happened at around 9am on Monday on the northbound carriageway between junctions 8 and 9 near Chorley.
19420	The accident, which took place between J2 M25 and J1 A316/A308 Staines Road (Sunbury), happened on Friday morning (April 13) at around 11am.
19421	The accommodation benefits from direct access onto the West Wales Coastal Heritage path on which you can enjoy a beautiful scenic walk down the coast.
19422	The accommodation briefly comprises of hall, guest wc, open plan dining kitchen with gloss style units and built in hob, oven and extractor.
19423	The accommodation briefly consists of two reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor bathroom, three first floor bedrooms, gas central heating and double glazing.
19424	The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV.
19425	The accommodation comprises, lounge, kitchen, TWO BEDROOMS (MASTER WITH EN-SUITE) and a family bathroom.
19426	The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, good size lounge, fitted kitchen, bathroom/WC and a tidy rear yard.
19427	The accommodation in brief comprises of a hall, lounge, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a conservatory which looks out onto the garden.
19428	The accommodation includes kitchen, large lounge/diner, four bedrooms, en-suite and bathroom.
19429	The accommodation is situated in a private, self contained wing at the back of our home – a 150 year old farmhouse, set on the edge of the Tooin hills, in a beautiful location with stunning views above Harray Loch, and other inland Lochs.
19430	The accommodation was spacious and ideal for a short break by the sea.
19431	The accomodation is in excellent decorative order with newly fitted neutral carpet, benefitting from double glazing and central heating.
19432	The accountants helped the company to produce a cash flow forecast and HMRC were offered a significant immediate payment together with a similar payment after one month and the balance to be paid over the following three months.
19433	The Account Manager's role is to oversee a portfolio of assigned customers, develop new business from existing clients and actively seek new.
19434	The accreditation period lasts for three years, whereupon a re-accreditation fee will become payable for a renewed three year membership period.
19435	The Acer Swift 1 comes with a standard one year carry-in warranty.
19436	The acquisition, consisting largely of photographic postcard prints, enlargements, ephemera and correspondence, has enabled this story to be most effectively brought together and told.
19437	The Act also introduced a duty on specified public authorities to notify the Secretary of State of any individual encountered in England and Wales who they believe is a suspected victim of human slavery or trafficking.
19438	The Act introduces a new regulator for all gambling (except for the National Lottery and Spread Betting) in Great Britain, the Gambling Commission.
19439	The Act permits giving financial assistance for the purchase of shares.
19440	The actress and skating partner were beaten to victory by Jake and on Sunday night and Brooke, 25, jokingly asked whether it had been a ‘FIX’ when quizzed her on how she was feeling.
19441	The ad cut to a car exhaust producing green vapour.
19442	The additional bedroom has twin beds, and downstairs there's a characterful kitchen and living area with bare floorboards and some lovely period furniture.
19443	The addition of a CIS facility is wonderful.
19444	The administrator can also un-check the default service if he does not wish to monitor it.
19445	The administrator can limit the number and types of questions that an enduser has to conform.
19446	The admirable Suits Me posted yet another in the G3 Winter Derby at Lingfield on Saturday, finishing just three-quarters of a length behind Tranquil Tiger for his first placing at Group level.
19447	The Admissions Office is open throughout the year and will be pleased to help with all enquiries relating to applications to join Tonbridge.
19448	The ADR scheme for our insurers is the Financial Ombudsman Service, which can be contacted directly using the contact details above.
19449	The adventurous will have plenty of options to get the adrenaline pumping, with coasteering and white water tubing on offer here.
19450	The advertisement on the TSO website states: “Ensure you are fully prepared for your Life in the UK test with the only official handbook on which the Life in the UK test is based.
19451	The advertising of your organisation on our team kit, banners and website has a huge potential audience.
19452	The Advertising Standards Authority has stepped in following a complaint about a TV ad for a Quick Sale company, National Homebuyers.
19453	The advice about who each course is aimed at is for guidance only - feel free to pick which course you would rather attend.
19454	The advisers will also help with preparing and practising for interviews, psychometric tests and assessment centres.
19455	The Advisory Group also includes representatives from other areas of the higher education sector, and experts in various fields related to our work.
19456	The affiliation of Grace Church will increase the number of FIEC churches in Wales to 28. As I explained in a recent News article, Wales is probably the neediest constituent nation of the UK.
19457	The Afternoon Tea includes sandwiches, scones, sweet treats and orange/blackcurrant squash.
19458	The agent at the Lost and Found asked them to fill up a form with all the details.
19459	The age of deference, where ‘command and control’ is the default style, is considered to be well and truly over for successful leaders.
19460	The age of steam, and the unfurling of Union Jacks worldwide, giving the other empire hungry European countries a bloody nose each and every time.
19461	The agreement must be registered at Court.
19462	The aim behind this show is to encourage businesses to meet potential clients whilst joining together to build relationships and grow.
19463	The aim is to encourage Active Travel and support walking and cycling locally and the Bank Bike Hub has become the focal point for cycling activities in Neilston.
19464	The aim is to offer members a virtual space to exchange information and develop research collaborations that focus on racialised older population groups in Wales.
19465	The aim is to repurpose under-used branch spaces to bring digital knowledge to the communities that they serve – regardless of whether they are Barclays customers.
19466	The aim of the project is to encourage students to become creative problem-solvers, to apply their academic knowledge to real life situations and to develop skills in managing limited resources.
19467	The aim of this course is to provide a broad introduction to modern astronomy and space science.
19468	The aim was to celebrate the work that women do in engineering, and to showcase the great engineering careers that are available for girls.
19469	The aim was to examine whether the revised questionnaire was valid and reliable across a range of students, provision and institution types, and whether the survey worked as a whole.
19470	The airport is conveniently located in the center of the country.
19471	The airshow was first held in 1988, and was planned to be a one-off event, when it attracted 250,000 spectators.
19472	The air walker is a great way to exercise in the safety of your own home.
19473	The Alfa Romeo Spider, along with a lot of Alfa Romeo models is a car that a lot of people wanted to own but were reluctant to do so due to high depreciation and the dreaded rust.
19474	The Algerian government seemed to have escaped lightly compared with other North African governments from the Arab uprisings.
19475	The Aliante is 1 of fi’zi:k’s 3 Spine Concept Mens MTB Saddle shapes.
19476	The Alibi Sport is therefore made to be ready to roll whenever you are.
19477	The all-new Focus RS gives you complete control over the way the car drives and handles.
19478	The allotment will also benefit from the school’s resident honey bee hive, which has successfully overwintered, and will provide a high density of pollinators to ensure the allotment’s crops bear fruit.
19479	The allure of a coupon alone removes room for hesitation over the offer.
19480	The all-Wales counter-terrorism unit, known as WECTU, and the serious and organised crime collaboration, known as Tarian, were mature and effective arrangements.
19481	The Alternative Dispute Resolution for Consumer Disputes (Competent Authorities and Information) Regulations 2015 passed into UK law in July 2015, so what do you need to do?
19482	“The alternative is to end up like Greece.”
19483	The Alton Neighbourhood Plan was submitted to the independent examiner Mr McGurk on Wednesday 9th September.
19484	The amazing duo produced the first electromechanical telegraph in 1833.
19485	The ambulance workers’ union convened just one national stewards’ conference, and that in the last weeks of the dispute.
19486	The amendment requires the definition to include risks that significantly impact on the safety and soundness of PRA-authorised persons and factors that put at risk relevant markets functioning well.
19487	The amount of hamsters will depend on the breed you choose, check out our hamster guidelines.
19488	The amount of parental contribution can change as circumstances change.
19489	The amount we ask you to contribute will depend on the capital, assets, income and savings that you have, and also the types of benefits you receive.
19490	The amount we deduct depends upon how much income the other adult receives.
19491	The amount you receive will depend on the assets of the debtor and the number and type of other creditors.
19492	The analysis showed that attitudes to working in rural areas were significantly positively affected by being older, but negatively affected by being an upgrading student.
19493	The analytes detected encompass numerous classes of important small molecule biomarkers including acylcarnitines, amino acids, bile acids, carbohydrates, lipids, and nucleotides.
19494	The Ancestors at Sea exhibition is part of the Maritime Connections project which is externally funded by Renaissance in the Regions Yorkshire Museums Hub.
19495	The angel on the bridge Henley-on-Thames is a must for any visitor to Henley at anytime of the year.
19496	The Anglesey red squirrel population is now the second largest population of squirrels in Wales, and it is the only Welsh squirrel population that exists without grey squirrels.
19497	The animation took a total of seven months to make and, upon their return to the UK, the students selected the most telling interviews to use for their short film.
19498	The annual incidence (per 100,000 children) of rotavirus-positive admissions was 1,431 (95% CI 1,275-1,600) in infants and 478 (437-521) in under-5-y-olds, and highest proximal to the hospital.
19499	The annual ISA limit stays at £20,000 for the next financial year, although the junior ISA threshold will increase to £4,260 from 6 April 2018.
19500	The annual ploughing match of the West Mainland Agricultural Society took place on the farm of West Quoys on Wednesday.
19501	The annual walking festival is a partnership project supported by all of Suffolk's local authorities and is spearheaded by the Discover Suffolk project at Suffolk County Council.
19502	The answer came for me when my sister, a primary school teacher, brought 16 of her 10 year old pupils to the show in Thoresby and Graham Broadbent (Dog/Death/Smith) and Stuart Stratford (Conductor) kindly met them afterwards.
19503	The answer, I believe, lies in another characteristic – courage.
19504	The answer is email archiving.
19505	The answers to these questions will help you to determine the type of content you should publish and the activities you should participate in on social media.
19506	The anthropologically based novel, 'Mala the magnificent', carries an introduction by Gibbon who is also the author of an article on the religion of ancient Mexico in the journal, 'Religion'.
19507	The anticipation of the day will probably be much worse than the day itself.
19508	The AOP Awards dinner and prize ceremony again took place during 100% Optical.
19509	The apartment comprises of entrance hallway, two double.
19510	The apartment is entirely on the ground floor and there is only a threshold step.
19511	The apartments we stayed in were very spacious, nicely furnished and spotless.
19512	The app conveniently sorts your bank transactions into categories.
19513	The app is brilliant it notifies you when you're not doing things correctly, and the great thing is it will also tell you if you need to move the device slower or faster, or you even need to move around more.
19514	The Apple Lightning Charger was an iPhone charger that was first rendered obsolete by an Apple design change and then forbidden by Apple to be a licensed accessory.
19515	The application forms have been amended to include a declaration which the individual must sign and the application must now be served on the Secretary of State (Home Office Immigration Enforcement).
19516	The application has been approved, but looking at the attached map, no airfield buildings would be affected.
19517	The application has now been validated, meaning residents can offer comments until May 25.
19518	The application has the potential to represent a pivotal milestone on the road to restoring the Town Hall and provide the people of Haringey and beyond an opportunity to enjoy the building.
19519	The applications polarised opinion with some believing Strawsons should honour a commitment to refurbish the building, while others felt the eyesore should be demolished.
19520	The application will be considered by the SRA, taking into account any internal validation process and requirements of the Joint Statement.
19521	The app links the two sites through technology, but also recognizes the historical link between them, mostly through the Tudor personality Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester.
19522	The approach incorporates a longer-term vision for intervention.
19523	The approach taken helped us all to step outside of thinking that the project was about social investment, it was actually about social impact and social investment is one of a number of ways to finance this.
19524	The approximations can be estimated using data on observed outcomes, the treatment indicator and error contaminated covariates providing an indication of the nature and size of measurement error effects.
19525	The app will be available to be download for free next spring by anyone with an interest.
19526	The APR does not include the repayment of the actual money borrowed.
19527	The Arc, by The Green Unit, demonstrated modular, eco construction which can be used for residential, commercial, education, leisure and a host of other purposes.
19528	The architecture.
19529	The archive is repetitive — the same statements from civilian eyewitnesses, soldiers and policemen often appearing more than once on the same CD — and then again on the other nine.
19530	The archive provides a fascinating insight into Kent's leading role in the Great War and will prove an invaluable tool for anyone interested in the period.
19531	The area includes one of only two viable English populations of the highly endangered freshwater pearl mussel.
19532	The area is a haven for bird watchers, rare choughs and Golden Eagles regularly seen.
19533	The area is packed with fantastic places to eat, with restaurants, coffee shops, pubs and hotels.
19534	The area is popular in the summer months with tourists attracted to the stunning sand dunes and beaches.
19535	The area is popular with local walkers due to its natural beauty.
19536	The area known as the New Garden featured Chinese birches, magnolias, maples and in the meadow were the newly added camassias and alliums.
19537	The area of marble arch is a desirable location, it is a place where people go to wen they want to take care of business, if they want to relax, and it is a popular spot for families, this is an area that is suitable for everyone.
19538	The area was first settled by the Griqua people in the late 18th/early 19th centuries.
19539	The argument was that the Government were winning the battle, but there was still work to be done.
19540	The Armagh Observatory maintains logs of all accesses to this web site.
19541	The arm was reattached, but it had to be amputated once an infection set in.
19542	The army owns the flat open area and uses it predominantly as sports playing fields, but it is also open to the public, who use it as informal recreation area.
19543	The Arnold family would like to welcome you to The Crooked Inn.
19544	The arrangements can be made either at our premises or in your own home.
19545	The arrest, charge and subsequent guilty plea of Danilson Santana is a really significant part of this and I look forward to the outcome of his sentencing.”
19546	The arrival of the new DB11 does mean the cabin and on-board tech is beginning to feel a bit dated, but it's still an achingly beautiful car.
19547	The Article 50 notification can be revoked or changed, it is one more lie from the extreme Leavers that say it cannot be revoked."
19548	The article argues that our predecessors coped better with the student work-load, and it is claimed that this is shown by the increasing number of reported cases of stress-related illnesses amongst students.
19549	The article examines Keie's supposedly punitive act in relation to gender roles and social normativity, setting out the way in which it impacts on interpersonal dynamics within the wider Arthurian court.
19550	The article reported on the wider reaction to the event and possible sanctions the restaurant chain could face as a result.
19551	The article was based on a piece originally published in the Washington Post, which had then been corrected.
19552	The article, written by Mark Forsyth, also noted that the innovative model's impressively low carbon emission figures mean that it is completely …
19553	The artist produced two paintings of Dr Huggins and the sister portrait hangs in the Stowe Music School.
19554	The art of negotiating is often a little bit of give and take.
19555	The ASA considered that the consumers would expect the ad to be a genuine job listing for a vacancy that would lead to employment if their application was successful.
19556	The assassination of Taliban leaders seems to have barely dented its ability to push hard against the Afghan Army and the Army’s North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) allies.
19557	The assessment should usually involve one assessor (mentor) and one student but may include other assessors (e.g. new mentor being supervised).
19558	The assigned responsibility can be shared by more than one female carer and may be transferred at shift handover.
19559	The association between the ratio of monocytes:lymphocytes at age 3 months and risk of tuberculosis (TB) in the first two years of life.
19560	The ‘assured puppy breeder’ scheme is being piloted by the Scottish SPCA in Scotland and is not currently available in the rest of the UK.
19561	The asylums contained and dangerous cases, and most of the inmates never left.
19562	The ATC was approached by the National Trust as part of the development of their Green Transport plan for Gibson Mill.
19563	The Atkinson’s 1000-strong Egyptian collection mainly comes from the collection of Anne Goodison, wife of a Merseyside civil engineer and friend of John Ruskin, who learned hieroglyphs and visited Egypt twice in 1886-7 and 1890-1.
19564	The atmosphere in the now packed venue was electric.
19565	The atmosphere is superb and celebrations usually begin on board our ferry.
19566	The attacker is then believed to have left with a woman and boarded another number 35 bus heading back towards the city centre.
19567	The attackers left the address and walked off along a footpath leading to Galligreaves Way.
19568	The attack on GitHub, which lasted less than an hour, reportedly exploited memcached servers instead of bots.
19569	The attics have good head height and it would be possible to convert them into additional bedrooms or a separate annexe subject to obtaining the necessary planning permissions.
19570	The attraction of moving into Solihull in recent years has been well documented, with the area being the one of the first to recover following the financial crisis in 2007.
19571	The attributes srcset and sizes from the RICG Responsive Images plugin are now added to the core which means front-end load times are reduced with smaller, streamlined images.
19572	The audience danced to the music and cheered on the acts and many filmed the performers with their phones.
19573	The Audi Q3 compact crossover has had a makeover for 2015.
19574	The audit covers the whole system and gives in-depth experience to aspects, such as risk assessment procedures, issue and control of personal protective equipment etc.
19575	The automatic degression mechanism means that, even at current low levels of deployment, the >50kW tariff bands will all be reduced by a minimum of 3.5% across the board on 1 January 2015, depending on deployment levels.
19576	The automatic gearbox is sourced from Japanese supplier Aisin and is equipped with three alternative shift strategies – eco, power and winter to suit your driving needs.
19577	The Autumn Statement paints a positive picture overall, pointing to the way in which the UK’s economy has grown three times faster than that of Japan and twice as fast as France, outpacing Germany and keeping up with US economic growth.
19578	The average age of a director in the second half of 2014 was 46.3.
19579	The average age tends to be somewhat lower than on higher-priced expedition lines - 50 years old for expedition cruising and 46 in the Galapagos and Amazon.
19580	The average annual poor-rate expenditure for the period 1832-35 had been £6,003 or 12s.8d. per head.
19581	The average cost of a new tenancy in the Private Rental Sector in the UK has risen by 3.1% to £913pcm in 2016, up from £885pcm in 2015.
19582	The average EU pig reference price climbed once again in the four weeks ending 25 June, to the highest level since October 2013.
19583	The average European visits their doctor six times a year.
19584	The average length of DRS cases is decreasing.
19585	The average local authority cost in London for a bulky waste collection is £43.
19586	The average monthly response rate for this survey has been 61%, which accounts for approximately 87% of all retail turnover.
19587	The average person in the UK commutes 1,296 miles per year.
19588	The average property price in the UK is now £273,528, according to the latest house price index from Your Move and Reeds Rains.
19589	The awarding of the scholarship is not based on grades, semester or subject of study.
19590	The awards have been championing food…
19591	The awards were presented by the Vice President of the NI Hotels Federation, Stephen Meldrum who commended all the colleges and students on their outstanding performance.
19592	The awards were set up in 2016 to celebrate and reward excellence in businesses across the district.
19593	The award was collected from actor Richard E Grant and David Docherty, of award sponsors NCUB, by Fiona Phillips and Adam Braithwate from Dairy Cresy and, centre, Liz Furey, from Harper Adams.
19594	The away side levelled in the second period, and the teams shared the spoils.
19595	The A-Z business fleet guide – C is for Contract purchase/contract hireAs part of our Fleet For Growing Businesses hub we’ve taken a some key business fleet terms.
19596	The Baby Group meet every Monday 10.30 am.
19597	The back four included midfielder Mark Byrne at right-back.
19598	The back garden is walled and secluded with a generous terrace running the length of the house as well as mature herbaceous planting and an ornamental pond for interest.
19599	The Badminton Painted Bedroom furniture is well constructed using a mix of hard and softwoods for the core and some engineered timber to ensure stability and to avoid any movement in the wood which can damage the paint finish.
19600	The balance must be paid 48 hours before the start of the tenancy.
19601	The balance of theory and practice - with placements in local primary schools, alongside taught modules in college, with some distance learning - allows students to build up their teaching experience, while undertaking the core learning.
19602	The balcony bra features a three section cup and powerful stretch lace to give a smooth neckline.
19603	The band/DJ will need to know the allowed sound levels too.
19604	The band is approximately 0.8cm wide and carrys the hallmark of Edinburgh Assay Office who test the quality of the metals.
19605	The bank agreed to renew their borrowing facility for a further two years at the same interest rate as before (2.5% above the base rate).
19606	The Bank of England (BoE) base rate is the official interest rate set by the BoE Monetary Policy Committee (MPC).
19607	The Barbican is here to inspire people to discover and love the arts and create an ambitious international programme.
19608	The Barnet breastfeeding support service is a small team of trained, highly experienced workers.
19609	The basement-based Ballinamallard players can now enter the closing weeks of the campaign with renewed optimism and McConkey wants the second of three successive Ferney Park fixtures to provide an added edge.
19610	The basic architecture of the dash feels so very driver-focused, however, that it might have been designed specifically for an M-car, with the centre console angled lovingly towards the driver and positively shunning the passenger.
19611	The basin in the downstairs bathroom is also just a HAND basin again too small for a wash and shave.
19612	The battalion was relieved and moved to support in the vicinity of ESSARTS.
19613	The battery re-charges whilst you are driving.
19614	The BBA is the main trade association of the world’s leading international banking cluster, and the main trade association of the leading sector of the UK economy.
19615	The BBC put him under editorial supervision – an arrangement he found embarrassing and he “limped along” for two more years before leaving.
19616	The BBMF also thanked those who were supporting the event.
19617	The BBQ was a lovely bonus.
19618	The BCF plays a critical role in the NHS’s 2 year operational and 5 year strategic plans, and is integral to Local Government planning.
19619	The Bear Pit’s bar and café is open from one hour before a performance till closing time.
19620	The Bears Nest has ample parking and a good sized garden.
19621	The beavers returned in 2009 as a result of the Scottish Beaver Trial and then since the end of the trial in 2014 the Scottish Government has allowed them to stay.
19622	The bed is 213 cm long.
19623	The Bedlington terrier is a small terrier breed that is particularly distinctive for its very tightly curled coat, which forms a large topknot on the dog’s head and gives it a convex appearance that is unmistakable.
19624	The bedrooms are spread across two further floors with two ensuites and a family bathro.
19625	The bedrooms have fitted wardrobes with marble clad luxury bathrooms.
19626	The bedrooms were large enough to accommodate all the girls plus there very large over night bags.
19627	“The bedroom tax is trapping many people in homes they can no longer afford and where they are struggling to pay their rents.
19628	The beds are comfortable and the ceiling fans were excellent to keep us cool during the night.
19629	The bee diversity in the UK comprises far more than the domesticated honeybee, - there are also 26 bumblebee species and more than 250 solitary bee species.
19630	“The behaviour of those captured on CCTV will not be tolerated in Solihull, which needs to remain a safe place to visit during the day and night.”
19631	The Bellingham Estate was built over these fields between 1920 and 1936 and about 2666 houses and flats were built altogether, but the actual farm buildings were not demolished until the 1930s, when Allerford Road was built on the site.
19632	The below table summarises the services available on the Student 12-18 Account.
19633	The benches provide a great place for the children to sit together and interact throughout the day, some may even find it a great place to relax and find solace during busy school times.
19634	The benchmarking scheme is voluntary and will pay Welsh dairy farmers £1,800 to collate and submit farm data for a benchmarking report to be prepared.
19635	The benchmark of a good response rate for a direct mail newsletter has always been considered 3-5%; for email a good response is 1⁄2%.
19636	The benchmarks feature seven metrics: waste.
19637	The bench will be used in-house; however, a range of similar items will be required on a repeat basis moving forward.
19638	The benefit cap started to affect some local councils from 15 April 2013.
19639	The benefit of this is the ability to fit a younger child onto a bigger wheeled bike if they are confident riders.
19640	The benefits of such growth are reflected in the deep red colour of the wine with a cherry and plum nose and nut and chocolate elements.
19641	The benefits of that collective but local focus can be seen right now, as a scheme is being delivered at Telford Central to better connect the station to the town and to create step-free access to all station platforms.
19642	The Benefits Service administers it for people who pay Council Tax in the Moray Council area.
19643	The Benyon Bill would have slashed this to 20 weeks.
19644	The Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust (BBOWT) seeks support from politicians and candidates across the political spectrum for nature conservation in order to achieve our aims of a Living Landscape throughout our region.
19645	The best agent to sell a property in BR2 won't be the best agent to sell a property in BR4.
19646	The best car in the range is probably the CLS 350 CDI, with its smooth 3.0-litre six diesel.
19647	The best compounds will be further developed so that they can be delivered orally (taken as a tablet).
19648	The best DSLRs capture around eight or more fps (frames per second).
19649	The Best Kept Awards have been existence since 1957 and are now very firmly established as a major accolade for towns and villages across Northern Ireland.
19650	The best lines are often the ones that come straight from the heart.
19651	The best part of the day is going for walkies, just down the road there is a fat cat always sitting on the doorstep,and no matter how much I growl and bark it just sits there looking at me, how frustrating is that?
19652	The best part of the working day is giving our customers a great experience.
19653	The best performance for your server applications - We offer a wide range of different processors designed for long-term, continuous operation in servers, providing you with a high level of performance in addition to great reliability.
19654	The best solution in such a situation is to get in touch with us at Auto Locksmith London and we’ll have one of our locksmiths attend to you professionally.
19655	The 'best tacos outside of Mexico'
19656	The best thing a non-Chelsea fan can say about Terry is that unlike many new fans who see Stamford Bridge as a stepping stone to the rugby and a nice tea, Terry hasn’t left the match before the final whistle.
19657	The best three designs, chosen by a panel including a Gromit Unleashed & Shaun in the City official artist, will then be announced to fans, and there will be a final public vote via Facebook to determine the overall winner.
19658	The Best Use of UK Agricultural LandJune 2014 – The demands on UK agricultural land are escalating.
19659	The BEST WESTERN Tiverton Hotel in Devon is pleased to offer you a traditional West Country welcome.
19660	The Betfair Hurdle third Spiritofthegames was considered as he should be suited by this greater stamina test, although he might things happening a little too quickly, as he did at Newbury before staying on again, and I’d rather back a genuine two-miler.
19661	The Better Energy School Awards is a nationwide competition for 5 to 11 year olds, which is run by the Young People’s Trust for the Environment (YPTE) in partnership with Total.
19662	The BHF is calling people in Oldham to take heart and join the fight against heart disease by becoming part of their local fundraising group and raising vital funds for heart research.
19663	The bible is great value for money and we as a toddler group will certainly continue to purchase & give out to our wee ones so to point them to Jesus.
19664	The bidding opened at £26,000 for the 3.36 acres and didn't ease until an eventual sale price of £35,500 was achieved, equating to £10,565 per acre.
19665	The Big 4 can scale with a single console, but users pay a huge premium for that privilege.
19666	The big defender, a PE teacher at a high school in Greenock, had a nightmare start to the campaign when he broke his collar bone in a pre-season friendly.
19667	The biggest advancement with last years AD333 ball was Spinskin™ technology adopted from the premium Z-Star range, now in it's second year Spinskin™ provides a 20% increase in frictional force at impact compared with last years ball.
19668	The biggest challenge was realising that it takes a long time.
19669	The biggest challenge was to ‘square the circle’ between visible local policing and new and emerging crime threats.
19670	The biggest decision at this point is whether you’re going to sell your product/service directly from the site, or whether you just want to create a brochure type site which just provides further details of how to contact your business.
19671	The biggest leap in sales is through the online market – where small individual producers can showcase their products.
19672	The biggest of the Twirlywoos, Great BigHoo has an inquisitive nature.
19673	The biggest piece of work we are currently just beginning though is our Archive development project, which received support from our trustees in November.
19674	The biggest proportion of spending comes from destination-led missions.
19675	The biggest sporting event of 2017 will see the world's top athletes back at The Stadium, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, in London next summer.
19676	The Big Jewish Summer Fete is a celebration of Jewish culture for the whole Islington community.
19677	The Big Litter Pick 2018 runs from Thursday (Februrary 1) until the end of May and every school and community group that takes part has the chance to win £200 to spend in their community.
19678	The Big Lottery Fund is a major funder of the voluntary and community sector.
19679	The big Merc van is up for grabs with the seven-speed 7G-Tronic ‘box.
19680	The big striker then set up Hernandez, but the goal was ruled out because Carroll was ruled to have fouled the defender.
19681	The bike got stolen and recovered by the police and countless parts have been worn out or destroyed.
19682	The bike you pick will be in either the pink, blue or yellow zone.
19683	The bikini brief with a pretty skirt finish.
19684	The Bill does not give effect to article 80(2), which allows not-for-profit bodies to represent individuals without their mandate.
19685	The bill includes the tax you owe for the previous tax year and, if this is more than £1,000, it may include an additional payment towards next year’s bill.
19686	The bishop, from Chicago, has previously backed gay marriage and transgender rights.
19687	The Bishop of Chile, the Rt Revd Héctor Zavala, said that the step was “undoubtedly important for the missionary growth that we long to experience as a Church in future years”.
19688	The bitcoin price has taken a 20 percent hit form its May 4 peak, as regulation speculation circles the market.
19689	The BJR opened in three sections.
19690	The black and white are also beautiful in a bathroom setting.
19691	The blackboard heater is available in 3 different size and power outputs from 750 – 1150 Watts and has a protection rating of IP54.
19692	The Black Cats, relegated to League One, are looking for a new manager following the sacking of Chris Coleman and according to reports on Wearside, new ownership has included Parkinson’s name on a shortlist of potential candidates.
19693	The black colour in the sennet is obtained as described above.
19694	The Blackdown Hills Riding Club was founded approximately 40 years ago.
19695	The black pudding version of the sausage roll is a must as it's made with the now world renowned Stornoway black pudding.
19696	The BL and OII teams are happy for a joint blog text to be published simultaneously with launch.
19697	The Blewbury Village Community Interest Company invites you to the Grand Opening of the brand new sports facilities and Clubhouse at Blewbury Recreation Ground on Saturday 14th May.
19698	The blockade has also affected UK residents who habitually use a VPN for anonymity, but the BBC said it will try to ensure that it doesn't affect schools and businesses which use private VPNs for security.
19699	The bloodied trainer belonging to the shooting victim.
19700	The Blues hauled themselves back into the contest on 58 minutes as Noble made it a dream debut.
19701	The Blues have impressed in their performances and with emphatic wins over the likes of Qarabag in the Champions League as well as Stoke City and Everton, they will certainly provide extremely tough opposition for Manchester City this weekend.
19702	The BMA is supporting a judicial review challenging health service transformation plans that “risk handing an area’s entire NHS budget to private providers”.
19703	The BMW 5 Series is available on BMW Select Finance (PCP).
19704	The board concluded that the company was insolvent.
19705	The Board ensures we fulfil our legal obligations so that all decisions or actions consider scientific advice and the interests of consumers.
19706	The Board hoped that these would be practical recommendations which would help to steer the strategy of Islington Council and its partner organisations.
19707	The Board is supported by a full time Board Manager, and 0.5 FTE Business Support Officer.
19708	The boats were all minesweepers tasked with clearing away mines laid by German warships.
19709	The boat was incredibly quiet especially when under sail when all you can hear are the waves and lapping water.
19710	The bodies in our solar system rotate at their own rates, giving each its own day length.
19711	The body could potentially force newspapers to publish material against their will.
19712	The body-hugging fit provides locked in support, with Dri-FIT fabric wicking away moisture for a sweat-free performance.
19713	The body was in a plastic bag which said “Do not open until Christmas Day” on the front.
19714	The BoE has asked lenders to take this approach because they want lenders to make sure that they fully understand the full financial circumstances of portfolio landlords and the impact any new lending will have on their finances."
19715	The bollards were installed to protect clubbers from passing vehicles.
19716	The book contains many pictures from the glory days, with vivid black and white shots from back in the 1960s.
19717	The book is about the first five months of the war for the British Army.
19718	The boot isn’t as big as a family would need either; you might fit luggage for two in there but three squishy medium-sized suitcases is about your limit.
19719	The borough includes a number of London's famous attractions including the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, Columbia Road Flower Market and Billingsgate Fish Market.
19720	The borrowing of money in terms of section 56(6d) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973.
19721	The boss of one of Bristol’s leading four-star hotels is now hoping Marvin Rees sees sense and chooses the Temple Meads site for the proposed arena.
19722	The boy band were selected by an overwhelming majority as the Ticketmaster Best Live Act 2016, having received more than 60% of the total vote.
19723	The boy realises he must unravel the mystery at the school’s dark heart.
19724	The boys are now training hard for the National Finals, which will be held at the London Aquatic Centre (2012 Olympic Pool) in November.
19725	"The boys were just absolutely awesome and to go to Brynmawr and win in the style that we did was exceptional.
19726	The BPF R620 system is constructed using silicon carbide (SiC) filters with oxidation catalysts, positioned in front to guarantee the reduction of the unburned hydrocarbon (HC) and carbon monoxide (CO) emissions.
19727	The branch is able to offer electronic transfer of prescriptions which makes the process a lot easier for the patient.
19728	The branch offers property for sale in M27, M28, M30, M6 and M7.
19729	The branch will close on Friday, October 9. Staff at the branch have been offered employment at other Barclays branches.
19730	The brand is linked on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook.
19731	The brand new extension to the original Maltings building is now complete.
19732	The brand new Honda CB125R is the perfect bike for first-timers with an urge to let loose in the city.
19733	The brand Plymouth was founded by Chrysler in 1928.
19734	The breadth of opportunity for the future, the challenging and high profile nature of my work, and the excellent team around me keeps me at Aviva.
19735	The breakfast show is presented by former Radio 1 breakfast show Read.
19736	The ‘breaking ground’ ceremony for our new hall with the Home Secretary, Philip May and the Bishop of Reading.
19737	The Breathe in Brighton event is taking place on Thursday 21 September 2017 from 19:00–20:30 at the Brighthelm Centre, North Road, Brighton, BN1 1YD.
19738	The breed is a medium to large cat that comes in a variety of colours and patterns and over the last few decades since the sixties, has become a really popular choice as a family pet due to their charming looks and their lovely kind natures.
19739	The bride and the venue indeed need to be perfect in terms of look and appearance.
19740	The Bridge Cafe offers a great range of hot and cold food, snacks and drinks and is open all day, which is nice when you need a little snack to get you through the last leg of coursework.
19741	The bridge carried two tracks and was provided with a footpath on its eastern side.
19742	The bridge in the background which had been hit by a bomb carried Bankhall Street over the goods yard.
19743	The Briena Staunton Visiting Writer Fellowship is held in partnership by Pembroke College University of Cambridge and Trinity College Dublin, the University of Dublin and rotates between the institutions.
19744	The Brigade was called at 2303 and the fire was under control at 0012.
19745	The brightness of the object does seem rather more variable than expected for such a distant object, so it may be subject to occasional outbursts, much as 29P/Schwassmann-Wachman.
19746	The brilliant storyteller Tom Muir collects the folk tales of Orkney in this entertaining book which has been beautifully illustrated by Sheila Faichney.
19747	The Brimsmore development is offering a mixture of Georgian style properties with different style and character.
19748	The Brinno Time Lapse Video Construction Camera is the effortless way to record any construction projects.
19749	The Bristan Frenzy cool touch bar mixer is an ideal family shower owing to it’s built in safety features and integrated eco water saving facility.
19750	The British constitution has become a contested and uncertain object, of sometimes ghostly and shifting form.”
19751	The British front line is given as ‘approximate’ and No Man’s Land is unusually wide (over three quarters of a mile in the area of Wambeke).
19752	The British Gas app has a handy built-in torch which is perfect for getting your reading.
19753	The British Heart Foundation (BHF) is urging people in Lancashire to take to the skies and fight back against the single biggest killer in the UK.
19754	The British Library is a hive of Magna Carta-inspired activity at the moment.
19755	The British people’s compassion and goodwill not lacking – so where is our Government’s?
19756	The British people want a proper choice but to do so they must be given proper information not just campaigning.
19757	The British Team will consist of 6 riders with learning disabilities from across GB.
19758	The broad aim of the company is to provide a quality service built on an established reputation and years of local knowledge, offered in a polite and professional manner.
19759	The broader environment has a considerable impact on the way in which minority groups are seen.
19760	The Broadway Theatre, Outer London.
19761	The brothers began with a Ladies Notion Shop and then opened their store, Bloomingdale Brothers Great East Side Bazaar, on 56th Street and Third Avenue, Manhattan, in 1872.
19762	The Bruntwood Field Office has come together through a close collaborative effort by client, design team, local craftsman, suppliers and contractors, and each element has been allocated to a new permanent home after the show.
19763	The Buckingham Centre includes a library and adult and family learning facilities.
19764	The Buckinghamshire village of Chackmore is a quiet and pretty backwater, an adjunct to the glorious Landscape Gardens of Stowe, designed by William Kent and Capability Brown.
19765	The budding star, who has previously represented her county at 10U, 12U and 14U levels, turned in a strong showing to help Lincolnshire secure a second place finish in group 5A of the competition.
19766	The Budget 2016 has announced that the personal allowance will increase again to £11,500 from 6 April 2017.
19767	The building, designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott and costing £90,000, contained the largest swimming bath in Europe, and held 80,000 gallons of water.
19768	The building is also home to the markets Information Point for visitors, as well as an unsupervised play area for children.
19769	The building is within close proximity to the Cambridge County Court and Family Court, also on East Road.
19770	The building notice application requires less detailed plans and is mainly used for simple work to houses such as internal changes.
19771	The building of the Portico would mark the town’s resurgence as a centre of architectural splendour and many architects would flock to the town to hone their skills.
19772	The building/refurbishment of one flat will cost £63,000.
19773	The Building Regulations requires that all new dwellings will require a SAP energy rating before work starts and on completion (as built rating).
19774	The building sits on a peninsular, surrounded on nearly every side by the sea, which places it in a strong defensive position.
19775	The building to the east of the station is the goods shed.
19776	The building was constructed for the Bishop of Durham, Richard Trevor, who once lived at Glynde Place.
19777	The building will then be converted into 11 two-bedroom flats and 12 one-bedroom flats.
19778	The building work was completed at the end of May 1837 and the first inmates were received that autumn.
19779	The build is spec'd with some of SRAM's best performing and durable 12-speed components, a FOX 34 Performance fork with 150mm of travel, and hand-built Roval Traverse 650b carbon wheels.
19780	The bulk of the money goes to Surrey County Council and Surrey Police for their services in this Borough.
19781	The bungalow had everything you need, even a steamer like I have at home, great…
19782	The Bungay and District Chamber of Trade and Commerce website.
19783	The BUPA Coventry Crusaders has announced that they will be putting in a bid to join Basketball's elite premier league, the Dairylea Dunkers League.
19784	The burden of austerity has already fallen heavily on other departments at a time when defence and security commitments have increased due to due to Syria, the terrorist threat and Europe’s migration crisis.
19785	The burghal population is 10,616, which is 315 or 3.1 per cent. more than in 1921, while the landward population which is 18,683 is 1,799 or 8.8 per cent. less.
19786	The Burslem Jubilee Project in Stoke-On-Trent, which provides support, companionship and activities to asylum seekers and refugees, has extended its services thanks to £10,000 secured from the Coalfields Community Investment Programme.
19787	The buses all come into the town centre and stop at Drummer Street and the Citi 1,3,7 and 8 all stop right outside our Branch.
19788	The Business Analysis Foundation certificate is internationally recognised and awarded by the British Computer Society (BCS) after completion of this course.
19789	The business community in a north-east town was in the pink yesterday to help support cancer research.
19790	The Business Continuity Institute (BCI), Continuity Central and Central Government all provide a wealth of information, including training, webinars, news and advice.
19791	The business embarked on the Growth Mentoring programme as it looked to continue to grow the business and received one to one mentoring.
19792	The business has grown largely due to paid search efforts and they feel that now is the time to build upon this success by commencing organic search marketing.
19793	The business manufactures and sells a range of traditional bakery products such as breads, savouries and cakes in 12 shops and via wholesale.
19794	“the business revenues are estimated to reach around £2bn over the period of interim operation and the forecast income or premium for taxpayers is estimated at around a quarter of a billion pounds.”
19795	The business was founded in 1876 by Adam Flett after he returned from working in Canada for the Hudson’s Bay Company.
19796	The bus stops at Bede Burn Road followed by a 5 minute walk.
19797	The buyer behind this enquiry spends a massive £1.5million annually on bespoke machined parts and has an order to place for the attached component, with a fast turnaround required.
19798	The BVRLA was disappointed to see that the government missed its opportunity to reconsider the new VED regime being introduced next year.
19799	The cabin benefits from additional sensory and soft play equipment that is being used as a quiet and safe space away from the busier environment in the main house.
19800	The cabin crew were very noisy talking loudly in their are for almost all the flight.
19801	The Cabinet has to make decisions that are in line with the council's overall policies and budget.
19802	The cabinet member for children and schools and strategic director of children’s and adults placed expressed their thanks and commended the hard work of officers for their achievements in the recent Ofsted inspection report.
19803	The cabin was kept clean and dining in the dining hall was ok.
19804	The cable is woven into our adhesive fibre glass mesh and at only 3mm thick it is one of the thinnest systems on the market today.
19805	The cages allow a well ventilated area, a good view of the outside world as it goes by whilst allowing our driver to ensure that your pet is as comfortable as possible and be alerted of any problems.
19806	The calculator can be used to get an estimate of how much your Housing Benefit could be reduced by if the amount of benefit you receive is more than the cap limits; and your circumstances remain the same until the cap is applied.
19807	The Call and Calendar notifications are excellent, although the Texts on your wrist are a little slow to arrive and show only the first 40 characters, although that's usually enough.
19808	The call comes ahead of the Government launching its final National Pollinator Strategy in autumn this year.
19809	The Cambridge Folk Festival has an international reputation that greatly exceeds its on-site capacity, reaching millions of people each year through its close media partnerships and online presence.
19810	The Cambridge Immunology Network PhD and Postdoc Committee is a group of enthusiastic scientists who help to run the network and ensure that our early career scientists can make the most of there time researching here at Cambridge.
19811	The Cambridge is only one and a half miles away from Gatwick airport, easy to find just off the M23 between London and Brighton, and has plenty of space for parking.
19812	The CAMCard also entitles you and up to three guests free entrance to all Colleges when they are open to the general public.
19813	The campaign builds on previous years and runs from 26 September – 2 October 2016, spotlighting the critical role that fire doors play in fire safety within buildings and drawing attention to common-place bad practice that risks property and lives.
19814	The campaign highlights the fact that violence against women and girls (VAWG) is a human rights violation, and seeks to raise money to support projects around the world.
19815	The campaign is backed by television and radio personality, Dermot O’ Leary.
19816	The campaign is being led by the Southend, Essex and Thurrock Domestic Abuse Board (SETDAB) - a group of key organisations working in partnership to tackle domestic abuse.
19817	The campaign was launched by psychotherapist Glenda D Roberts and colleague Sharon Kendall in 2016 following a number of suicides in the Sudbury area.
19818	The Camping and Caravanning Club’s Club Care Trailer Tent Insurance provides options to suit all budgets and levels of use.
19819	“The campus will open as a digital centre of excellence providing world-class facilities for pupils, staff, parents, carers and the community.”
19820	The Canadian Student Loan programme allows students to borrow money from the Government to pursue higher education.
19821	The candidate must have excellent knowledge of printing and scanning processes, and experience with managed print software such as PaperCut, Safecom and Equitrac is preferable.
19822	The Cannes film festival is notoriously the most star studded of affairs and it seems that this year will be no exception.
19823	The canoeing club offers canoeing and kayaking activities along the River Stort for young people, and the two new canoes will be used for Duke of Edinburgh expeditions.
19824	The capacity of your bin might seem excessive to your needs at present, but at certain times of the year (such as over Christmas) the majority of households find they produce additional waste.
19825	The capital Charlotte Amalie is a popular shopping destination and the beaches rival any in the region.
19826	“The Capital Group of companies consisting of Capital Roofing, Capital Renovations & Gartel Design & Construction have used Howe Maxted Group for over 25years.
19827	The capital limit is £16,000 if you are of pension age unless you are aged 60 or over and recieve the 'guarenteed credit' of Pension Credit.
19828	The capital reduction is undertaken in accordance with CA 2006, s 641 to 644. Provided that there is at least one non-redeemable share in issue, s 641 (3) very helpfully provides that a company may reduce its capital in any way.
19829	The cards would include vital information and, occasionally, a photograph.
19830	The car is traction limited in all but the driest conditions and that makes extracting all of its performance on a winding road something of a wild ride.
19831	The car itself is brilliant.
19832	The car legally belongs to the finance company until all payments have been made so, it may be worth putting in a call to them for advice and taking some legal advice from a local solicitor.
19833	The car park at the centre is managed and run by Cambridge City Council and operates a pay as you go system with ticket machines located across the site.
19834	The car park at the John Orwell Sports Centre in Tench Street.
19835	The car park entrance is a small gate on the right after about 100 metres, opposite the Queens Road pedestrian gate into the College.
19836	The Car Parking Partnership is an organisation who operates many University Car Parks successfully e.g. Keele University.
19837	The Cartesian and polar coordinate forms of a complex number, its modulus, argument and conjugate.
19838	The car was found by police officers on Broadway in Hale, Altrincham, at around 4pm on Monday 21 May.
19839	"The car was parked underneath Reading Magistrates' Court that Mr Fox had access to because he was a part-time magistrate at that court.
19840	The car will often start and move away using just the electric motor, which never fails to spook anyone that’s not been in a hybrid or electric car before.
19841	The case can be put that they will be uncompromisingly tough and, equally, that they will see the need to be more accommodating.
19842	The case illustrates how social insight can be used to identify user behaviour and to shape strategy designed to reach individuals via social for commercial objectives.
19843	The Cashroom Manager is expected to make other managers, officers and employees aware of the contents of the notice as appropriate.
19844	The castle and surrounding park were the estate of Adelina Patti, the famous opera singer.
19845	The castle is located to the north of Dumfries near Thornhill but is not sign-posted.
19846	The castle returned to the descendants of Freskin when it passed through marriage to Kenneth de Moravia, Earl of Sutherland.
19847	The castle was greatly destroyed by fire on 3rd April 1978 and is now in ruins.
19848	The catalogue for Adam Partridge Auctioneers' Fine Art & Antiques sale is now online and with a new facility on our website for zooming in on high definition photos.
19849	The catch is every time a shape's surface hits the floor, it disappears.
19850	The Cayman’s price tag (this test car wound past £60,000 thanks to options) can buy everything from a set to join the sports car market in 2013 too.
19851	The CCTV images are recorded onto a digital recording system for a maximum period of 28 days.
19852	The CD is well recorded and is a credit to the performers and artistic advisers.
19853	The celebration of Dutch national holidays, such as Sinterklaas and Koningsdag, in order to support previous stated aims.
19854	The celebration will start at 4 pm and end at about 7 pm.
19855	The Celtic defender is one of just three Parkhead players will go to Peru and Mexico with Alex McLeish’s side but Caldwell believes that the youngster can cement himself in the thoughts of the national manager.
19856	The Central East Travel Inn is a hotel which provides accommodation for individuals and various sized groups.
19857	The central feature of is the confrontation between the artist/brothel client/viewer—at this moment they are one and the same—and the gaze of the central women (second and third from the left).
19858	The Central Register, managed by the Energy Savings Trust (EST) is similar in set-up to the Landmark register for England, Wales and Northern Ireland and will now charge a standard mandatory fee for the lodgement of Energy Performance Certificates (EPC).
19859	The centre gets steadily busier throughout December and the car park can get very congested at times.
19860	The centre is a 10 minute walk from the local railway station.
19861	The centre is looking to develop the ground floor to create a new food court to feed hungry concert goers once Hull Venue open known as Quayside Kitchens.
19862	The centre offers business grade internet access, a business lounge to work on the go, day offices and disabled facilities.
19863	The centre provides a range of crucial services and support for the residents and migrant communities in the market town of Wisbech.
19864	The Centre will be run as a social enterprise by Worcester Community Trust, who will work with a number of local employers to raise the profile of the facility in addition to exploring the prospects for employment at a later date.
19865	The ceramic covering must be divided into fields with movement joints above the uncoupling mat in accordance with the applicable regulations.
19866	The ceremony is in Leeds and it just so happens it’s on my birthday night.
19867	The Certificate in Film Studies: Form, Genre and History will to introduce you to the academic study of film.
19868	The certificate will be then be sent off by 1st class post via Royal Mail.
19869	The Chair allowed a period of up to 10 minutes for members of the public to make representation on matters within the remit of the Health and Wellbeing Board (HWB).
19870	The Chair asked who would fund the proposed data analyst position.
19871	The Chair confirmed that a budget had been set for this process and this was currently underspent.
19872	The Chairman noted that there seemed to be slippage, and that a number of reports appeared to be 6 months out of date.
19873	The Chairman thanked Emma for her comprehensive report and presentation.
19874	The Chairman thought it necessary to explain that this was a most friendly proceeding, otherwise it might appear to some that his friend Mr. Standring was an unpopular man, by having so many votes recorded against him.
19875	The chair of Arla Foods, Åke Hantoft, said: “The board has decided to increase our investments with this plan, because we have identified new projects and investments with short and long term potential for significant return.
19876	The Chair stated that the aim was to identify what had gone wrong and identify learning points.
19877	The Chair thanked Officers for the excellent report.
19878	The challenge is heightened by the fact that an awful lot of what you are accountable for under this regime is delegated to others – you can delegate authority but not responsibility.
19879	The challenging weather conditions did little to dampen the carnival atmosphere of the festival however, with over 550 matches played out.
19880	The Chamber does not collect personal data about individuals except where there is a legitimate business requirement or when such information is provided on a voluntary basis.
19881	The Chamber holds an annual business to business exhibition which has grown into one of the largest in the County.
19882	The Chancellor has been urged to overhaul the way in which tax policy is made in the UK, and to establish clear guidelines and priorities for the UK’s tax system.
19883	The chances of the much talked about ‘bounce-back-ability’ coming in to play currently stands at 3 in 10.
19884	The chance to meet lots of new people and gain new skills that would further my career.
19885	The chance to work with cutting edge technology in companies leading global research, and be well remunerated too, makes these industries appealing.
19886	The change in price suggests that some demand remained in the market, especially as slaughterings were estimated to be 3% up on the same week last year.
19887	The change-of-use application was approved in July.
19888	The changes both widen the scope of regulation and bring harsher penalties for non-compliance, so it’s never been more important to make sure the data your business holds is properly protected and looked after.
19889	The changes in cost reflect the differences between the scope of the works envisaged in the PAR and the scope of the works now being planned to be implemented.
19890	The changes – which are in relation to High Priority Critically Important Antibiotics – would mean that this medication would require concurrent laboratory testing to prove an animals need for them, in order for antibiotics to be supplied.
19891	The changes will create a vibrant and attractive greenspace area and wider benefits will encourage regular physical activity and social interaction.
19892	The changing composition of the labour market has meant that low-paying sectors have created jobs, whereas high-paying sectors have greatly reduced the number of jobs over the past five years.
19893	The changing face of HR is placing technological trends at the centre of its evolution.
19894	The Chaplaincy is based at Akrotiri Chaplaincy Centre on station.
19895	The Chard forwards started the game well and prop Nick Hyslop took a pass from scrum-half Dylan Moss on the burst and powered over for the first try after only a few minutes play.
19896	The charge for the first page color is $900.00.
19897	The charging schedule will be subject to two stages of consultation and an independent examination.
19898	The Charity and Trustee Investment (Scotland) Act sets out 15 charitable purposes and one analogous purpose.
19899	The charity enjoys a high profile in part because it is often featured adding context to medical studies, meaning it is consistently in the news.
19900	The Charity Finance Group can change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online under this section.
19901	The charity’s entry in the carnival will have a vintage tea party theme to mark the Queen’s 90th birthday.
19902	The charity specialises in dealing with the issues people suffer from because of rape, sexual abuse, domestic violence or previous child sex abuse.
19903	The Chartered Management Institute has been named among the top 100 UK not-for-profit organisations to work for, claiming the 59 spot, making the top 100 for the second year.
19904	The 'check, clean, dry' policy must be adhered to before and after fishing by all anglers.
19905	The Checklist of the Flora of the Arabian Peninsula and Socotra, a definitive checklist for the floristic region, will be published in 2017.
19906	The Chelsea Hotel is one of the most distinguished and reputable Bed & Breakfasts in Bournemouth, offering guests an ideal location at the heart of the city.
19907	The Cherries beat Sunderland 2-0 two months ago.
19908	The Cheshire Campus Library has a study room, large enough for wheelchair access, in which students may book sessions to work with their Study Skills Coach.
19909	The Cheshire East Rights of Way Improvement Plan 2011-2026 had been approved in 2011.
19910	The Cheshire Lines Committee never owned any locomotives of its own.
19911	The chevron is supplied in 4 strip tiles, lefts and rights so installation is similar to that of a plank floor.
19912	The chief advantage of an annuity is that you can’t outlive your income (and neither can your partner, if it’s a joint life annuity).
19913	The Chief Constable and I will work with other PCCs and forces, both regionally and nationally, to be at the forefront of work to re-design services to equip policing for the future.
19914	The chief executive of the charity ‘Safe Lives’, Diana Barran, believes that the appointment of a commissioner for domestic violence and abuse would be a positive stepfor society.
19915	The Chief Executive to submit a return of Councillors elected for the 20 wards in the City at the elections held on 3 May 2018 and details of the notification received of Members of the Political Groups including Leaders, Deputy Leaders and Party Whips.
19916	The child can be afraid to take part in fun sleepovers or school camps, in case anyone finds out.
19917	The children are now enjoying a range of traditional meals, such as roast dinners, spaghetti bolognese and cottage pie.
19918	The children do a focused activity each day called ‘Fidgety Fingers’ linked to the Reception areas of learning.
19919	The children enjoyed investigating the new area and they wrote letters to Woody to ask him lots of questions.
19920	The children filled the capsule with drawings and poems about the Lady with the Lamp, after whom the Lodge is named.
19921	The Children’s Heart Surgery Fund is a Leeds based charity which supports the purchase of vital equipment, resourcing and researching of the many heart-related conditions which affect young children today.
19922	The children’s learning is incorporated with the ongoing work of Croydon’s food flagship programme in schools, supported by the Mayor of London to develop a whole-school approach to healthy eating.
19923	The children thoroughly enjoyed practising good brushing techniques on the giant teeth, and were unanimously horrified by our pictures of patients with gum disease and caries.
19924	The children were given the task to build a bridge using only 10 sheets of newspaper and had to place a water bottle on top of their finished bridge.
19925	The child would have been offered a place if the arrangements had not been contrary to mandatory provisions in the School Admissions Code and the School Standards and Framework Act 1998.
19926	The choir and dance class shared a dressing room.
19927	The choir are returning to St Albans Abbey after previously singing Bach’s St John Passion in English, to capture the depth and magnitude in the cathedral’s echoing hall.
19928	The choir brings the 'St John's Sound' to listeners around the world each week through its weekly webcasts and SJC Live, our webcast archive service.
19929	THE choir of Wellington School sang for residents, staff and visitors of Wyncourt Nursing Home in Timperley to help promote National Dignity in Care day.
19930	The Choir recruits from all over North West London and performs to audiences in London, South East England and overseas.
19931	The choir sings on Wednesday 24 September, first in Holy Trinity Church at one of the church’s regular Wednesday lunch time recitals.
19932	The chosen charity for this year’s race is the Derbyshire, Leicestershire and Rutland Air Ambulance, which is funded purely by donations.
19933	The Christmas advertising season is in full swing with most major brands now having unveiled their festive ads, with Marks & Spencer’s being one of the most-closely anticipated this year.
19934	The Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino is located next to the world-renowned Yosemite National Park.
19935	The church in Llanasa is believed to have been founded in the 6th century with the present building dating from the late 15th century.
19936	The church is of historical interest with parts dating from about 1300 and a 15th century font.
19937	The church survived for another 300 years until the monks disbanded in 1414 and the church was given to Eton College who owned it until 1799.
19938	The church used to be part of Crosslinks, an Anglican mission agency, but they have decided that their future lies within FIEC and they are keen to support and encourage other churches in the region.
19939	The church, which is about a mile west of and 700' above the village, is dedicated to the Celtic saint St. Brendan.
19940	The CIPP does not want becoming chartered to impact on our members financially.
19941	The Circular Economy Package is a huge step towards supporting sustainability, but does it go far enough when it comes to food waste?
19942	The CIS is a 7-day ticket and will set you back €24 (£21.
19943	The citation which accompanies her award concludes: 'Flight Sergeant Hayles is a fantastic ambassador, not only for the Royal Air Force Air Cadets, but for all Cadet Forces in Northern Ireland.
19944	The City Academy graduateâ€™s clearance only fell as far as Halford, but fortunately for Fielding, his shot lacked conviction and the City keeper got down low to save.
19945	The City also provides the security for the site and indemnifies against all liabilities.
19946	The city boasts a wide variety of pubs, clubs, and restaurants to suit any need.
19947	The city centre factories which were destroyed in Coventry were surrounded by civilian housing.
19948	The city council’s Cabinet is about to…
19949	The City of London Corporation ensures that suitably qualified and CQC registered open access sexual health services are available to residents in the City.
19950	The city was full of places to hear music, from the tavern fiddle to the Italian opera, but the pleasure gardens were notable because they promoted the latest in English music, and many well-known pieces received their debut there.
19951	The civil works proposed for the A26 to make the main road safer are now complete at the Cromkill junction and prohibits the right turn manoeuvre towards Antrim.
19952	The claimant's agent will advise insurers whether or not their offer is to be accepted or rejected, prior to the raising of proceedings and in any event within five weeks of receipt of the letter of settlement.
19953	The claimant will also be offered Personal Budgeting Support.
19954	The Clapton Commons group outside the dilapidated loo last year.
19955	The class 108 DMU standing at the platform was possibly the last departure of a passenger train from Gateacre.
19956	The classic Henry Hoover with the convenience of cordless design, the Henry Cordless is a great twist on an iconic cleaner.
19957	The classic rash associated with meningitis usually looks like small, red pinpricks at first.
19958	The classic wrap tie lace will never get old.
19959	The cleats come with the pedals not the shoes, although you can buy cleats separately.
19960	The client confirmed that she had never signed any paperwork or accepted any offer, so was uncertain why she had received money.
19961	The client was adamant that he had never received this letter, but DWP policy is to stop paying the benefit until an appeal is heard and determined.
19962	The clinical importance of ultrasound detectable forefoot bursae in rheumatoid arthritis10.
19963	The 'clinical' PHD inhibitors are potent inhibitors of PHD catalyzed hydroxylation of the HIF-Î± oxygen dependent degradation domains (ODDs), and selective against most, but not all, representatives of other human 2OG dependent dioxygenase subfamilies.
19964	The Clinical Safety team are a multi-disciplinary team made up of Safety Engineers and Clinical Safety Officers.
19965	The Clinton International Summer School and INCORE welcomes a wide range of individuals from various backgrounds.
19966	The clitoral stimulator is also very easy to clean with a q-tip and some Lovehoney fresh cleaner and warm water.
19967	The closest terminal by train is the Belfort-Ville station (operated by the national carrier SNCF).
19968	The closing date for nominations is May 31. Please make your nomination by visiting www.stroke.org.uk/lasa.
19969	The clothes were actually quite joyful.”
19970	The clothing to be worn by the inmates in the Poorhouse, shall be made of such materials as the Parochial Board or the House-Committee shall determine.
19971	The club also said the move was to improve fan safety and stadium accessability.
19972	The club offer various activities including Slalom, Marathon Racing, Sprint Racing, Recreational.
19973	The club was founded by Nick Prosser who taught at the school from 1965 to 1997 and, until 2007, it climbed on a brick built climbing wall constructed by Nick, the Royal Navy Section of the CCF and the school’s Works Department.
19974	The club was founded in February 2013 with only 8 members and has grown to well over 100 members, with new members joining every week.
19975	The club, which is situated in Eaton Ford, raised the money for the charity’s Cambridge branch as the cause is close to many members’ hearts.
19976	The coalition has committed, as part of a package of measures, to develop affordable options for a carefully-managed and science-led policy of badger control in areas with high and persistent levels of bovine TB.
19977	The coastal programme will promote environmentally sustainable schemes that will stimulate markets in endorsing the creation of new jobs, developing research and by reducing levels of poverty amongst coastal communities.
19978	The coast south of the Cleddau is worth exploring too; Bosherston Lily Ponds, the area around Angle & Saundersfoot to Amroth are among a wealth of possibilities.
19979	The coffin was manufactured from imitation walnut phenolic resin with a wood flour filler devised by the Bakelite Company Ltd of London.
19980	The collaboration between the BASIC and a large organisation like Midas is a ground breaking initiative.
19981	The collaborative collection from Goldsmiths and Jenny Packham comprises a drop pendant, stud earrings and a statement engagement ring set on a fine diamond band.
19982	The collection also contains papers of national and international interest and importance, including correspondence with relations of Robert Peel and Lord Byron.
19983	The collection of furniture mostly dates from the 18th and 19th century, also an excellent collection of family portraits and an interesting collection of porcelain.
19984	The collection, which belonged to Birmingham City University, was made available by Dominic Winter Auctioneers in South Cerney, Gloucestershire on Wednesday 14 June 2017.
19985	The College Board Members’ Conference is a key event for all those involved in the governance of colleges across Scotland.
19986	The college has a Student Council which is elected each year.
19987	The College produces a range of materials for mental health professionals and the public.
19988	The color sceme was pink and the house stood over 4ft high 2 floors as she had to many barbies and lots of funiture and bits.
19989	The combination of the launch of the iPhone 7 and Samsung’s exploding Galaxy Note 7 has sent Apple shares soaring, and with a market value of £517bn it is top dog in Wall Street once again.
19990	The comet is at perihelion in 2019 at 8.5 AU.
19991	The comet itself moves very fast in relation to the sky, the exposure time is limited by very rapid changes to the tail structures and the short time-frame in which it is possible to capture the image before dawn or after dusk all cause difficulties.’
19992	The comfortable strap is crafted in a stunning red colour to introduce a strong punch of colour to your look.
19993	The comic said keeping the final episode plot secret was difficult.
19994	THE commencement of these concerts has been delayed in consequence of the alterations %Mich have taken place in the Hanover Square Rooms ; but they begin on Monday.
19995	The commencing rent to be £1,100.00 per calendar month payable in advance by standing order.
19996	The comments and images here are not necessarily the policy view of the Campaign but reflect the views of the original submitter.
19997	The comments on the blog reflected the widespread concerns that have been raised by practitioners.
19998	The Commercial Contracting Challenge has been developed by NIP Ltd, BlueMarble and East of England LGA.
19999	The commercial market anticipates another strong year for investors, albeit there will be challenges such as falling oil prices and many with one eye on the Bank of England and a potential rise in interest rates.
20000	The Commissioner for Older People, once appointed, should assess whether they are.
20001	The Commission has also announced that it is minded to recommend that the district council should have 38 councillors in the future, the same as the current arrangements.
20002	The Commission notes with disquiet the dysfunctional relationships which persist between a number of individuals.
20003	"The commissions and leads I have received as a result of being listed on journalism.
20004	The Commission’s usual approach is to try to resolve such matters amicably, without the need for formal adjudication.
20005	The Commission would not normally have regarded this matter as one of significant inaccuracy.
20006	The Committee appointed to govern the Hunslet Workhouse appears to have consisted of eight Trustees, a Provider who was appointed for six months, a Treasurer who was appointed for 12 month, and two Overseers.
20007	The Committee considered a report of the Planning Services Manager (Reference 15/219) regarding current planning appeals that have been lodged against decisions of the Borough Council.
20008	The Committee discussed the application and it was suggested that an additional condition be imposed removing permitted development rights.
20009	The Committee discussed the implications of the refusal of the Local Government Ombudsman to investigate a complaint from school governors.
20010	The Committee had before it a report by the Director of Education, Culture and Sport which provided information on Scottish Rugby’s new policy initiatives and the development of a new regional academy in the north of Scotland.
20011	The Committee meets on a monthly basis and the Chairman is Paul Gray CB.
20012	The Committee on Climate Change (CCC) has published its first report in the new Parliament about progress towards meeting targets to mitigate and adapt to climate change.
20013	The Committee received a report concerning the proposed policy statement on proposed response to the commercial cycle hire operations that were beginning to launch in London and were likely to affect the City.
20014	The Committee received a report of the Chamberlain and the CGO and Director of City Bridge Trust presenting the current draft of ‘Towards a Sustainable Future: The City of London Corporation’s Responsible Business Strategy, 2018-2023’.
20015	The committee was formed in March to manage the affairs in the Strip and led to a series of sanctions by Abbas against Hamas that caused a severe energy crisis in Gaza.
20016	The Committee will explore how the regulation of the internet should be improved, and whether specific regulation is required or whether the existing law is adequate.
20017	The Commonwealth Youth Games is the largest global multi-sport event in which local athletes are able to represent Northern Ireland.
20018	The Communications Act 2003 requires broadcasters to meet the legal requirements either by programmes being translated into sign language or programmes being made by or for deaf people and presented in sign language.
20019	The Communist parties in a number of countries were at that time leading mighty revolutionary mass actions.
20020	The community atmosphere at Saffron Lodge is what has attracted many of the new purchasers.
20021	The Community Paediatric Dietetics service provides assessment and advice on feeding, nutrition and diet to infants, children, adolescents and their carers.
20022	The Community Share Starter Fund provides up to £6,000 of extra funding for community groups based in England planning to set up a community business such as a pub, shop, leisure centres.
20023	The compact van has a traditional, sturdy look.
20024	The Company distinguishes itself by attention and respect towards the environment by Following an ecological set of rules and using renewable energy.
20025	The company gives a solar light to a school student in Africa for every product it sells to give children the opportunity to study at night, achieve better grades, and have more opportunities in life.
20026	The company grew turnover by 15% in 2017 on the back of receiving a Derby Enterprise Growth Fund grant of £100,000 in 2015, which it invested in new premises on the Trent Lane Industrial Estate.
20027	The company had not elaborated on the cause of the downtime until now, but did rule out a "malicious attack".
20028	The company has achieved £40-45K worth of savings per year on parts alone and field trials extended to similar products within the Rimula range to ascertain further savings that could be made on its new Euro VI engines.
20029	The company has been shortlisted following the implementation of its successful ‘Resourcing the World’ strategy that has turned environmental services on its head.
20030	The company has revived plans to sell the division after talks with parcels group DX to merge its operation with Menzies Distribution ended last year.
20031	The company has strong links with local schools and offers work experience to pupils.
20032	The company is a trusted partner to some of the leading food retailers around the world and has a well-established growth plan.
20033	The company is based in Welwyn Garden City and offers cakes for all occasions (birthday cakes, wedding cakes, cakes for children).
20034	The company is debt free, helping to underpin a 4.2% dividend yield.
20035	The company is extremely concerned about marine litter and the blight it can have on the marine environment across the west coast.
20036	The company is now known as Jockey Club Racecourses, one of fifteen within the group.
20037	The company is situated in Eastbourne, East Sussex but covers the whole of the UK.
20038	The company operate a 24 hour complete electrical service and they aim to respond to all enquiries within a four hour period.
20039	The company prides itself on being there before, during, and after the sale.
20040	The company provides a. High quality services.
20041	The company scooped the double win for two of their projects.
20042	The Company shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Customer is supplied with the Titles in accordance with the standards of service provided by ISSA and these Conditions.
20043	The company succeeds thanks to an in-depth knowledge of its specialisms and a network of talent that is second to none.
20044	The company was able to confirm that Karl is the first student in the country to pass the exams.
20045	The company was also responsible for the internationally acclaimed Zaha Hadid-designed Riverside Museum in Glasgow and the £18m refurbishment of Kelvingrove Art Gallery & Museum in Glasgow.
20046	The company was established in 2011 and has grown considerably since that date, developing a strong reputation for quality during this time.
20047	The company was founded after Vikesh Kotecha was diagnosed with a digestion condition in 2015 and advised to consume more fruit and vegetables.
20048	The company will have an employment allowance of £2,000 for the year to set against its employer's NI due on all its employees, so it won't have to pay over employer's NI until that £2000 is used up.
20049	The competition is for UK residents only (sorry) and closes on the last night of the month at 11.59pm.
20050	The competition was again very kindly sponsored by the well known local company Helensburgh Toyota and Subaru.
20051	The competition will be judged by a panel of celebrity parents, Book People experts and other leading publishing professionals.
20052	The complainant also said the reference to his description of his wife as ‘an old slag or old lag’ was taken out of context.
20053	The complainant objected to the clarity of the images, in which the faces of the complainant's wife and eldest daughter were visible.
20054	The complainant said that the fact that he had been named in other newspapers meant that he could be identified from the article in the Edinburgh Evening News.
20055	The complainants said they had never made the remarks attributed to them.
20056	The complaints referred to us about legal expenses insurance are relatively small in number and tend to arise most frequently from an insurer's decision not to meet the expenses of proposed legal action.
20057	The complete database now contains over 594,000 records, and is updated three times a year (usually in February, June and October).
20058	The completion date would have been better with a telephone call, to confirm the completion date, as well as the email timescales and progress.
20059	The complex also has a restaurant.
20060	The complexity of the structures resulted in a requirement to secure no less than forty-six separate Party Wall Awards.
20061	The complex joinery was necessitated by the fact that the post held jetty brackets which held jetty plates for the jetties on both the south and east side of the building.
20062	The complex reasons for the rise in knife crime can’t be addressed by the cops.
20063	The composer Erik Satie is another Honfleur resident whose house is preserved in tribute.
20064	The composite parish of is at present in Worcestershire, but as will be noted from the above section on Archives and Libraries the parish records are to be found at the Gloucestershire Archives Office.
20065	The compound consists of a level deck and accommodation for the Cathedral’s skilled craftsmen.
20066	The compromised customer data included: names, addresses, phone numbers, dates of birth, marital status and, for more than 18,000 customers, historical payment card details.
20067	The computer program system is designed to emulate the human brain’s processing through arrays of simulated neurons.
20068	The concept behind Ultra Site status is to take considerate construction to the highest level by stipulating that a number of suppliers and subcontractors engaged with a site also register with the Scheme.
20069	The concept of enterprise risk demands new attention from finance leaders globally.
20070	The concept of frugal innovation is a business priority, and should inform the professional development of every manager and leader.
20071	The concepts of data quality assurance and traceability are not new, although the systematic implementation of them for Earth Observation is far from being achieved.
20072	The concerns of the tree officer regarding the building of residential property beneath substantial protected tree stands were noted.
20073	The concerts will celebrate the 150th anniversary since the rebuilding of the church.
20074	The conclusions of the report will challenge a whole range of stakeholders.
20075	The concrete floor slab for the retail unit will also be completed in the next few weeks.
20076	The condition is also considered benign.
20077	The conditions of your tenancy or lease will not change as a result of the partnership and you will have the same level of rights and protection that you have now.
20078	The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) Scotland's assistant director, David Lonsdale, said the move to keep business taxes down was a positive step but argued the time-limited concession wouldn't benefit everyone.
20079	The Confederation of British Industry (CBI), the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) and the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) have all come out in support of Adonis.
20080	The Conference also acts as the focus for the annual e-Assessment Awards organised by the UK’s eAssessment Association.
20081	The conference kicked off Oct. 4 and runs through Oct. 8. During those five days, Gartner is touching on a range of topics, from digital business to people-centric security.
20082	The Conference shall be convened on a representative and equitable basis, with the basis for representation to be determined by the Steering Committee.
20083	The consequence might be that we cannot share your personal information with someone else when you ask us to or that we cannot send you some marketing communications.
20084	The consequence of this is that searching for an Approved Body or Certifier in the usual manner may not find the details required.
20085	The Conservation Services Branch can offer impartial professional advice to owners and record keepers on conservation and preservation of archival material.
20086	The conservatism of union and reformist leaders acted as a block to strikes but their isolation from workers also created the conditions for explosions of unofficial strikes.
20087	'The Conservative government’s current system of subsidising the TOCs by sleight-of-hand would have to cease and the true level of public subsidy would be revealed.
20088	The Conservative Party will do all it can to support and encourage enterprising companies during these difficult times by getting credit moving.
20089	The Considerate Constructors Scheme's 2013 National Company Awards have celebrated the most considerate construction.
20090	The constant support, tenacity, professionalism of Mark and his team is just out of this world and we could not recommend them enough and thank them enough for all their hard work.
20091	The constitution of the board of managers or electors of a trust fund is usually laid down by Ordinance.
20092	The Construction Industry Council (CIC) has published the Building Information Modelling (BIM) Protocol Second Edition.
20093	The construction phase of large wind farms is very far from being environmentally friendly and it is very doubtful if the end justifies the means.
20094	The consultation concludes on June 15.
20095	The consultation document aims to inform stakeholders of the award process, the aims and objectives for the franchise and the proposed base franchise specification.”
20096	The consultation period for this amendment has now ended.
20097	The consultation took the form of an online survey.
20098	The consultation was the second phase of the Quality Assessment Review initiated by the funding bodies as part of their respective statutory duties of quality assessment in higher education.
20099	The contact details are included in Lisa's story.
20100	The content of the reference must be true and accurate, and it must not be negligent or misleading by any omission.
20101	The contents of the Site do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making, or refraining from making, any decision.
20102	The contest was played off the white tees by members who won a winter competition.
20103	The continuous seal through the solid Brass non-slip hinges ensures complete water retention.
20104	The contractor provided the Department with specialist support at some 25 international meetings over the period of this contract.
20105	The contract will run for five years until 2023.
20106	The contradiction is always there--it's the political sleight of hand that is always used.
20107	'The contribution of arrangements for pastoral care is excellent.'
20108	The control environment, control processes, control models, control assurance.
20109	The control of the Pharaoh's ant is best left to the professionals, as the treatment can take many weeks to complete.
20110	The Convener advised that this was last meeting as parent representative, and thanked him for his valuable input over the past three years, and in particular the commitment he shown in attending consultation meetings on the school estate exercise.
20111	The Convener does not sit on BCS Council as a matter of right, but can stand for election in the normal way.
20112	The conversation took place during a dinner in February 1997 – a few months before Labour defeated the Conservatives at the general election.
20113	The cookies used on www.sturgessgroup.co.uk/land-rover have been categorised based on the ICC UK Cookie guide.
20114	The cool-down is also a good time to reflect on your session.
20115	The Cool Wool Lightweight Shorts are crafted from virgin wool with a contrast black panel along the side seam.
20116	The Cooperage is crucial in maintaining that wooden charm.
20117	The Co-operative Bank has been voted 1st place for the Best Bank or Financial Institution in the 2011 Pink Paper Awards.
20118	The core components of therapeutic foster care are well documented, but the number of studies remains low and more research is needed to investigate the effectiveness of this programme in the UK context.
20119	The core economic point about big data is that data's true value lies in reusing it for novel purposes.
20120	The corner's recycled and Power delivers a second cross, Burn ghosts in at the far post, it must be his first touch, and he half-volleys in, up onto the underside of the crossbar and it bounces down over the line.
20121	The Corona White 2 Door Wardrobe is part of a beautiful range of white bedroom furniture.
20122	The corporate finance team of Triodos Bank is acting as adviser to Thrive Renewables and promoter of the offer.
20123	The Corsican pine is found in parks, gardens and planted woods.
20124	The Costa Foundation’s mission is to improve the life chances of boys and girls in coffee growing communities by providing them with access to a safe, quality education.
20125	The cost for an additional person is £9.
20126	The cost is £40 per hour or £200 per day.
20127	The cost of committal to Dover, including maintenance, was ‘40s for one prisoner and 20s every additional prisoner.’
20128	The cost of raising a child has increased by almost two-thirds since 2003, according to research by LV and the Centre for Economic and Business Research (Cebr).
20129	The cost of the course is £45.00 incl.
20130	The cost will vary depending on your choice of exam centre and whether your subject involves oral exams, coursework, spoken language endorsements or practical science endorsements.
20131	The Cottage can be reached from the ferry terminal at Port Askaig by heading towards Bridgend and taking the turning to Portnahaven.
20132	The cottage has a shower room with shower, basin and WC, and an open plan living area featuring a handmade fitted kitchen, a dining area and a sitting area with coaleffect electric fire.
20133	The cottage is bright and spacious with uninterrupted views over the open countryside and onto the Atlantic Ocean.
20134	The cottage is decorated tastefully and to a high standard throughout.
20135	The cottage is fully equipped with everything you need - there has been a great deal of thought from Terrie and Sharon (including dishwasher tablets, washing pods, tea, coffee, sugar, milk and biscuits).
20136	The cottage is ideally situated in Lucklawhill, between St Andrews and Dundee, approximately 7 miles from each.
20137	The cottage is perfect - exactly what we needed.
20138	The cottages are set in grounds consisting of gardens planted with shrubs and flowers and three acres of mixed woods with a network of small paths sometimes cut into the rock itself.
20139	The cottages share a laundry room with an automatic washing machine and tumble drier.
20140	The cottage was just as described, very homely and had everything you needed with 2 equal sized double bedrooms.
20141	The Council and its development partner, Henry Boot, are aiming to secure additional shopping facilities for Rugby which will improve the quality of retailing in Rugby and the town centre environment.
20142	The Council, as the Land Drainage Authority, is able to benefit from Welsh Government grant support (85%) under Section 59 of the Land Drainage Act 1991.
20143	The council can provide large print, Braille, audio, or translated versions of any of the information or correspondence we send.
20144	The council commissioned a feasibility study in November, which was carried out by Network Rail engineers.
20145	The Council commissioned an independent investigation by the NSPCC.
20146	The council comprises three main political functions, the Executive (Leader and Cabinet), Committees, and Scrutiny.
20147	The council has asked local parish councils to carefully consider the report when preparing their Neighbourhood Plans.
20148	The council in association with the community and other partners produced a masterplan and SPD for the development of South Kilburn in 2005.
20149	The Council is a Disability Symbol (or Two Ticks) employer.
20150	The Council is required to keep a register of individuals and associations of individuals who are seeking to acquire serviced plots of land in Hart.
20151	The council needs to keep the different kinds of recycling separate as they can sell it for a higher price that way.
20152	The Council offices were ready for use a year after the Park was opened, in 1930.
20153	The Council recognises the right of its customers to complain and indeed welcomes complaints as a valuable form of feedback about its services.
20154	The Council recognises the value of early engagement with developers and other stakeholders.
20155	The Council registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner under reference Z605908X.
20156	The council's community alarm and emergency out-of-hours service - which includes call outs for noise nuisance, exposed street lamp wires, and housing repairs - was outsourced to the Forest of Dean council in April 2008 saving Blaenau Gwent аг376,369.
20157	The councils delivering right-to-buy rebuilds are delivering those extra homes one for one at the moment, and in fact in London it is closer to two for one.
20158	The council’s Development Management Committee will consider the proposal on Thursday, September 15.
20159	The Council's policy on side waste that is presented alongside a black wheeled bin.
20160	The council’s vision for the future of transport in the county sees walking, cycling and public transport playing a much greater role in getting people around the county in a bid to cut down pressure on the increasingly busy roads.
20161	The councils would not reveal which individuals had claimed the relocation expenses, citing an exemption under the Freedom Of Information Act triggered because the information released would reveal personal data about a third party.
20162	The Council understands our legal basis for processing this information as Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation, because you have consented by applying to volunteer.
20163	The Council uses 9 different housing waiting lists (also known as queues).
20164	“The council was extremely helpful throughout the whole process and were able to make recommendations that would help my mother around the home.
20165	The council welcomes your complaint as an opportunity to improve services and, where possible, we will try to rectify the situation.
20166	The country has been at peace for over a year now, since Dhlakama declared a ceasefire that took effect on 27 December 2016.
20167	The country is also well known for its wine production and tours and tastings can be organised at a variety of rustic 'quintas' and vineyards dotted amid breathtaking natural scenery.
20168	The Countryside Service team developed project covers 600 square kilometres of the Ken/Dee valley and aims to reconnect people with their natural, cultural and built heritage.
20169	The country's other major providers are slouches either.
20170	The county scale was the right size for councils to take the lead on creating local industrial strategies for their area, it said, which would unlock both local and national growth.
20171	The county town of Stafford and its surrounding villages is a popular residential location and visitor destination.
20172	The couple emerged for the first time as man and wife on Sunday.
20173	The couple have also earned 2 AA Rosettes for their restaurant, with the help of top chef Roger Pergl-Wilson.
20174	The couple say they are still on Cloud Nine after being watched…
20175	The couple were dragged to Long Marston, near Tring, where they were bound and thrown into the pond, the standard test for a witch.
20176	The couple were living in a two bedroom bungalow in Lincoln, East Midlands where they had lived since getting married in 1950.
20177	The course aims to update and refresh your knowledge of the First aid at work syllabus, while allowing time for revision and practise sessions in preparation for a written assesment.
20178	The course also covers aspects of target validation and identification.
20179	The course also examines the relationship between war and medical innovation and between war and welfare provisions.
20180	The course covers recognising everyone as an individual whilst highlighting the importance of treating everyone fairly, delegation, motivation and how and when to have difficult conversations.
20181	The course covers understanding how cultures and human behaviour reflexively interconnect.
20182	The course gave me my positivity back and a brand new career direction.
20183	The course is designed to equip you with a future-proof skill set that extends right across this exciting and ever-evolving industry.
20184	The course is for those who wish to renew their First Aid at Work qualification.
20185	The course is over 12 weeks consisting of 1 evening a week.
20186	The course is taught at the Sion Hill and Corsham Court campuses and in the Palace Yard Mews University building.
20187	The course will be led by 5 leading experts in data journalism, and will give guidance on how to use data analysis in stories, and how to convert your data into visualisations such as infographics and maps.
20188	The course will comprise of an introductory session, five sessions on current and emerging issues in psycho-oncology, and five sessions on current and emerging issues in pain.
20189	The course will provide both an academically demanding experience and one which should be of significant practical use in your future career.
20190	The coursework component will build on professional expertise by exposing you to challenging and innovative ideas in your field.
20191	The court may give directions immediately a Part 8 claim form is issued either on the application of a party or on its own initiative.
20192	The court must tell the claimant straight away if the claim has been selected.
20193	The court was told McIntyre fled from the attack which had been captured on CCTV.
20194	The Court will then send you copies of the Deputyship Order.
20195	The courtyard garden at Brandon House has proved popular with many Residents, some of whom relish the opportunity to tend to the plants.
20196	The Courtyard is a range of smaller offices from 300 sq ft.
20197	The coverage was grossly offensive, intruded into his brother's privacy and referred to his brother's sexual orientation in pejorative terms, in breach of the Code.
20198	The cream of Leeds’ clubs had a session with Ignite Sports performance coach Duncan McCarthy, who talked about his work with Tour players, and this was followed by a short-game session, one on driver dispersion, and a putting competition.
20199	The cremation fee covers, the administration/registration, the cremation and the staff in attendance.
20200	The crime rate fell but was this the consequence of the policies of my successors as home secretary or, dare I gently hint, mine as chancellor of the exchequer at the beginning of a period of growth and strong employment?
20201	The criteria for this funding are complicated and can be difficult to access, but it can be worth pursuing if you think your relative may qualify.
20202	The crossover may have been self-aware, with jokes about how is no longer good, but being meta does not always save you.
20203	The Crow started a petition to be presented to Herts County Council when their feasibility study for the stretch ends this month – more than 1,100 people have signed it but more can only help our cause.
20204	The CRT’s Coalfields Community Futures Programme also put up a £25,000 Participatory Budget to help get key initiatives off the ground.
20205	The crucial factor is how much you enjoy casual sex and what your motivation is.
20206	The cryptocurrency market has lived under the shadow of regulation since its inception, but the latest development could force the market closer to regulation.
20207	The CSB currently does not offer any taught or research degrees; for these, please enquire with the relevant department.
20208	The CT scan takes lots of pictures from different angles to build up a 3D picture of the inside of your body.
20209	The cult also taught that "God is love, love is sex and God's love shall not be restricted by age or relationship."
20210	The current £85,000 level of protection continues until 31 December 2015.
20211	The current climate limits any real understanding concerning the nature of sex abuse against children, where it happens and who the real offenders are.
20212	The current estimated cost is £24bn which Peter Atherton, a utilities analyst, reckons is as much as the cost of Crossrail, the 2012 Olympics and the refurbishment of Terminal 2 at Heathrow combined.
20213	The current financial pressures on households mean that there is a constant need to provide food to those in difficulty, some who are regular visitors and also several new ones each week.
20214	The current lead provider in Barnet of support services to young carers provides support through respite clubs, counselling and mentoring.
20215	The current line-up features drummer Gilson Lavis; guest vocalists include Ruby Turner, Louise Marshall and Rosie Mae.
20216	The current owner, Anselm Guise, spent several years turning the place into a top-notch venue for weddings and other events.
20217	The current penalty system will continue to operate at the year end, with penalties charged if the information is not up-to-date by 19 May.
20218	The current pointer analysis can over approximate shared variables, so possibly some combination of this, trace generation, DRD / Helgrind and then refinement of which traces to pick?
20219	The current record stands at 31 hours 15 minutes but the club wants to smash that by playing for 40 hours non-stop.
20220	The current relocation is coming from the budget for the town hall’s renovation.
20221	The current review of the BBC in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal, by Dame Janet Smith, is also focused on culture and management behaviours.
20222	The current system, whereby energy-intensive industries pay huge energy bills up front and then receive compensation afterwards, is unhelpful.
20223	'The curse is real': Strictly Come Dancing bosses 'struggling to sign A-list names following Louise and Jamie Redknapp's rumoured split'
20224	The curtain rises on Faustus's famous turn toward the occult (‘A sound magician is a mighty god!’
20225	The Curzon will give an insight into the familial relationship which inspired some of the most loved children’s characters in the world.
20226	The Customer is under no obligation to accept the quotation.
20227	The Customer’s credit card will only be charged for the value of the Consignment plus any additional charges (if any) incurred pursuant to clause 3.4.
20228	The customers taking up these deals will be locked into the fixed rate deal for 12 months.
20229	The customers were all men and we felt like.
20230	The cycling events included competitors from Pakistan, Rhodesia and South Africa.
20231	The D06F has been awarded the Waterwise Marque.
20232	The Dabbers travel to Halesowen Town on Saturday, kick off 3pm.
20233	The dad (Musket Cavalier) is a great working dog with hips 5-4, elbows 0, PDP -1 and EIC hereditary clear.
20234	The Daily Mile initiative has been renamed locally as ‘Smile for a Mile’ and has been rolled out to almost 50 schools.
20235	The Daily Moisturising Lotion, from £5.10 (Boots) contains oatmeal and is rich enough to moisturise skin instantly, but not too thick that it doesn’t absorb.
20236	The dams block the water and eliminate the seasonal floodplain habitat that is critical for the lechwe.
20237	The Dancing On Ice curse: Could the show follow in the same footsteps as Strictly?
20238	The dangers to be faced were similar to those which he had found in reaching the Control Room.
20239	The data explores consumers' top concerns, trust in industries and services, and the extent to which they are experiencing financial distress in Epsom and Ewell.
20240	The data leads us to believe that, unless we act, an ever-increasing number of young people will live their lives with multiple long-term conditions.
20241	The data might indicate a possible location of confusion or difficulty.
20242	The data model may differ from the file structure required for the submission of the data, as a number of attributes can be expressed as repeating elements for efficiency.
20243	The data obtained can be used to see patterns and then form typical types of customers based on these findings.
20244	The Data Protection Act 2018 gives you the right to ask the Council for a copy of the personal information that we hold about you for the purposes of providing services to you.
20245	The data revealed that between 2002/03 and 2012/13, the wealth of the older generation increased by 45%.
20246	The data subject has given his or her consent to the processing.
20247	The data you get in return is fully anonymised.
20248	The data you provide will be used solely to help us manage our Open Days.
20249	The date for the diary is August 13 at 7.30pm.
20250	The date of completion was anticipated to be Easter 2017.
20251	The date of the last revision to these Terms is provided at the end of the Terms.
20252	The date on which the examination was performed.
20253	The dates of required changes to Freeview TV signals in Q3 2018 for the 700MHz clearance programme have been publis… https://t.
20254	The day before the dance the man called up and he says: “Duke, do you know what I did?”
20255	The Day Choir was formed following requests for daytime concerts and they now give an average of two concerts per month to various organisations and residential homes throughout the area.
20256	The day ended with a final dog handling session and a simple working test, after which certificates were awarded to each of the beaming children.
20257	The day includes 18 holes of golf with the ex-professionals, plus a two-course dinner, entertainment and prize giving in the evening.
20258	The days are for people interested in a career in design.
20259	The DCM-PRO heated decoupling system from Warmup caters for those looking for the fastest way to install and experience underfloor heating with all types of floor finishes.
20260	The deadline for the Leverhulme scheme is 1 March 2018, but to enable the Faculty to select the candidates that it wishes to support, applicants submit expressions of interest to the Faculty (to english.
20261	The deadline to apply to vote by proxy at the general election is 5pm on Wednesday 31 May.
20262	The deadline to enter is midday on 9 February 2018.
20263	The dealership sells Audi parts and accessories and staff can perform MOTs, too.
20264	The deal includes an agreement that Arsenal players from both the men’s and women’s teams will visit Rwanda “to support the development of the game for boys and girls in the country”.
20265	The deal is subject to regulatory approvals and closing is expected before the end of 2012.
20266	The dearly loved son of the…
20267	The debut Tommy x Gigi line generated 900 percent increased traffic to Tommy.com in the 48 hours following the see-now-buy-now show in September 2016.
20268	The decision about re-applying sunscreen to children is made by individual schools and local authorities.
20269	The decision by Dark Blues skipper Sam Agarwal to insert Cambridge was instantly justified when Johnson had Alex Hearne trapped leg before with the score still on nought.
20270	The decision by Ministers to take this action will confirm widespread scepticism about whether the system is fit for purpose.
20271	“The decision comes after a review was undertaken in response to the rising number of children in the primary schools in the area and the proposed housing growth.
20272	The decision has been made in order to keep waiting times down and to meet customer needs, following a significant increase in applications over the past five years.
20273	The decisions of the elite are independent, free of any control on the part of the working class and of the remaining classes and social strata.
20274	The decision was made by each Board independently at their respective Board meetings.
20275	The decor is amazing, the food delicious and the wine first rate.
20276	The deer rut really gets under way in October and the advice on park posters and our website continues to be important.
20277	The defeat delays the chances of Riders winning the league title until at least next weekend, but it still remains a question of when rather than if.
20278	The defects must be within the period and terms of the contractors written guarantee, a copy of which you should have.
20279	The defendant can question you and your witnesses.
20280	The defendant said he would appeal.
20281	The defendants in this case will have to live with that for the rest of their life.
20282	The deficit is still more than 5% of national income.
20283	The deficit of the USS is not yet reflected in the University’s balance sheet but is a major exposure for the University.
20284	The definition of comprehensive sickness insurance does not include cash-back health schemes or travel insurance policies.
20285	The definitive map and statement kept by us occasionally specifies the width of a path.
20286	The delicate leaves of confetti have fluttered away and the stunning dress is back under wraps, but it’s still a few months until you fly away on your dream honeymoon.
20287	The Dell Precision M6500 notebook has powerful graphics and superior LED technology in its 17-inch screen.
20288	The Deluxe Ocean Facing rooms have the added benefit of a relaxing ocean view while the Deluxe Premium Wing rooms are housed in the hotel's Premium Wing.
20289	The demand for construction and property is generated from the global, national and regional economy.
20290	The department believes in the educational value of biology over and above its value as a preparation for a career.
20291	The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is now driving the development of the government’s pensions dashboard, having taken over from the Treasury.
20292	The department is delighted to announce that Professor Judy Sebba (Rees Centre for Research in Fostering and Education) has been appointed OBE in the 2018 New Year Honours list for services to Higher Education and to Disadvantaged Young People.
20293	The Department is delighted to offer its congratulations to Professor Michael Akam who has been awarded the Linnean Medal for Zoology.
20294	The Department is taking steps to improve teacher retention and quality, for example by helping establish the Chartered College of Teaching as an independent professional body for teachers.
20295	The department shoud give as much notice as possible of the work that they would like the employee to do and clarify what she will be paid for the work she does.
20296	The depreciation of sterling will place major pressure on projected defence procurement and maintenance budgets, including the Successor programme.
20297	The Derbyshire Carer of the Year Awards are back.
20298	The dermatologist may first examine your mole with a special tool called a dermatoscope.
20299	The designer is inspired by a '"poignant and pivotal cultural moment”.
20300	The design of the new access has been developed to take account of the existing environment, landscape and heritage features of the location, to limit the impact on the trees and vegetation and to take account of the access needs of our various visitors.
20301	The design of these bowls is good enough to provide a certain unique look to your bathrooms.
20302	The designs of two Croydon schools have scooped prestigious architecture awards, including on the international stage.
20303	The designs they produced for us were original, eye-catching and generated highly positive feedback.
20304	The desire for short-term office leases has risen dramatically since the first three months of the year, when just 57 per cent of owners sought flexible short-term leases.
20305	The desire to change is there, along with the willingness to adapt workflows and tools with a view to better meeting citizen needs, but the financial capability rarely matches up.
20306	The desperation for their first league title in 28 years could be their downfall.
20307	The Destination of Leavers from Higher Education Survey (commonly known as the DLHE) is carried out twice a year.
20308	The details were set out in the report and its appendices and were presented by the Cabinet Member for Children and Families.
20309	The Detective then gleefully read out Churchill’s ultimatum to Mick that if he didn’t deal with Rory’s defiance of the Treaty, the British army would.
20310	The developers have squeezed an amazing amount of colour and contrast into the game.
20311	The Development & Alumni Office runs a programme of events throughout the year and we are happy to assist any group in putting together or advertising a reunion event outside of this list.
20312	The development came just a day ahead of the Queen’s Speech, and threatens to leave May uncertain of her ability to secure a Commons majority for her Government’s legislative programme for the coming two years.
20313	The development of castle architecture has long fascinated scholars, and there is a wealth of literature that places the Edwardian castle in its historical and evolutionary context.
20314	The Development Officer is a pivotal role within the team.
20315	The Development Services Manager stressed that planning officers would provide administrative and logistical support to an appeal, but would not assist in the writing of proofs of evidence.
20316	The Dew Drop Inn is now The Market Tavern (and features in the television series The Bill as the Market Tavern in Canley Market).
20317	The differance between photography and painting is this!
20318	The difference for some of our residents, for example in Bromley, between what they would have to pay as a market rent and what they currently pay today would be an enormous jump.
20319	The different styles of gown indicate the levels of award of undergraduate, postgraduate and research.
20320	The dining, entertainment and shore excursions were great.
20321	The dining room is particularly spacious and would be ideal for formal dining.
20322	The directive is called – wait for it – the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.
20323	The directorate also includes corporate governance-related central services for SFC and its human resources and IT teams.
20324	The Director shall be the Head of the Department of the Institute of Criminology.
20325	The director who has worked with The Chemical Brothers since their first gig shares his tips for successful creative collaborations.
20326	The director works across all three main 'domains' of (health protection, health improvement, healthcare public health).
20327	The Disability Officer supports the needs of students with dyslexia or other forms of specific learning differences and ensures all students are able to reach their full potential.
20328	The discount is deducted from the premium at point of sale as against the premium prices quoted by ACE for non ARLA and NAEA members.
20329	The discovery of CHV may provide new insights into the origin and evolution of HCV and a tractable model system with which to probe the pathogenesis, prevention, and treatment of diseases caused by hepacivirus infection.
20330	The discovery of this group of enzymes has caused a radical revision of thinking about histone methylation and its implications for epigenetics, since methylation had long been considered a permanent post-translational modification.
20331	The discussions that took place after and during the talks were enlightening for me.
20332	The disease begins with dark brown or orange lesions on leaves.
20333	The “disguised website” technique makes detection harder.
20334	The display on the rear allows individual settings and indicates when descaling is pending.
20335	The displays and demonstrations, given by people dressed in traditional Viking clothes and with replica weapons, really bring to life what it was like to be a Viking.
20336	The display style is the one weak point.
20337	The distance learning portion of this degree is administered by the University of London Worldwide.
20338	The distribution of Ru was entirely different, with scattered, low–amplitude anomalous zones and a maximum anomaly 300m from the chromite–rich zone.
20339	The District Council has already used £10,000 from an allocation of £50,000 it received from the Department for Communities and Local Government (CLG) to support economic and enterprise issues arising from the economic downturn.
20340	The divergent pattern of swings since 2005 – to Labour in metropolitan areas and university constituencies, and to Conservatives in smaller towns and working class areas – reinforces this interpretation.
20341	The Diwali Festival of Light will take place in November in Jaipur.
20342	The doctor, farmers, teachers, bankers and Mrs Traill the estate owner were the first owners of “hot rods” in the village.
20343	The documents were posted in good time but never reached HM Revenue & Customs.
20344	The donations pour in, come rain or shine!
20345	“The Dormant Assets Commission has done sterling work,” a spokesman said.
20346	The dose in every radiotherapy treatment provided by UK hospitals is determined by instruments calibrated directly against the NPL primary standard.
20347	The double bedroom on this floor looks out onto the front of the Maltings and has a king size bed with built in wardrobe, chest of drawers, full length mirror and flat screen TV.
20348	The double braced hardware combined with the chunky rubber feet ensures rock solid stability and durability.
20349	The Dower House - Royal Crescent HotelI booked afternoon tea for a treat on my wife's birthday - she absolutely loved it.
20350	The down platform also had a short section of canopy near the bridge to provide additional shelter for morning commuters to Edinburgh.
20351	The downside is the lack of support for MKV from its native app, which will mean having to pay for Plex to play files on mobile devices.
20352	The downside to going the multivariate route is the increased complexity, and possibly the duration, of the testing period.
20353	The down side to the hypo allergenic formula is they are quite costly.
20354	The draft identifies capacity concerns for peak traffic, both weekday commuters and, increasingly, Saturday shoppers.
20355	The draft order if made would give effect to the final recommendations that were consulted on during the Local Government Boundary Commission for England’s review of electoral arrangements in Suffolk Coastal and published on 22 July 2014.
20356	The draft Strategy underwent public consultation between 8 August and 18 September 2009.
20357	The drag and drop functionality of the tool means you can easily tweak and fiddle with your plans to your heart’s content, so you don’t need to create endless paper drafts just to visualise things.
20358	The Dream is without doubt an old ship, but it was clean and the staff friendly (as we have found on all Tui ships).
20359	The dressing area with windows to the rear has fitted wardrobes and doors through to the bathroom.
20360	The driver then stated, “Thankfully a Banaway solicitor persuaded the judge that I shouldn’t be banned and it didn’t cost me a fortune or my job”.
20361	The driver would pick up or drop off passengers anywhere on request.
20362	The driveway leads to the garage which has an up and over door to the front and pedestrian access to and from the internal utility room at the rear.
20363	The driving position, though not as lofty as in some models, nevertheless affords a decent view up the road.
20364	The driving test is set to change later this year.
20365	The Drystones are an award winning duo from Somerset.
20366	The DSIR had also recommended in 1920 that a Fire Research Board should be formed, but, unlike those for buildings and timber, it was not created and the FOC continued their work independently.
20367	The dual aspect allows light to flood in.
20368	The Dublin-Broom Hall fare was £8.25p.
20369	The Dubs Amendment to the Immigration Act was supposed to oblige the British government to take in unaccompanied child refugees.
20370	The Duck Pond Market is now located right on Watling Street, Newberries Parade, alongside the shops, which is much better than tucked away on the train station car park.
20371	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and other royals are also expected to join the Queen for the sumptious occasion.
20372	The Dukes has launched a new competition.
20373	The dumbbell shaped core contains the double stranded DNA.
20374	The duo’s act includes suspension over a water-filled tank, into which the performers dip and then rise up to perform aerial acrobatics.
20375	The duo were drawn in the same group that year, with Roma earning a point in the reverse fixture at the Stadio Olimpico.
20376	The duo will join Paul Sanders — this week voted leader of the party’s council group — in the town hall chamber.
20377	The duty to manage asbestos in the workplace is contained in this legislation: Regulation 4 of the Control of Asbestos Regulations 2006.
20378	The dynamics of these envelopes is illustrated using data from a real journey and pseudo code for the creation of envelopes is provided.
20379	The earliest workhouse in Dorchester dates back as far as 1616 with the setting up of the "Hospital of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Dorchester".
20380	The Earl of Courtown: I think there are far too many hands around, to be perfectly honest, my Lords.
20381	The Early Help Assessment should be a tool in its own right and not simply a referral mechanism.
20382	The earrings are also manufactured to FDA medical standards and conform to all international regulations on metal content.
20383	The Earth imager on TRUTHS would provide high-resolution spectral and spatial measurements of reflected solar radiation at multiple angles on a range of Earth targets.
20384	The east end of the church was examined and the positions of the north wall and transept confirmed.
20385	The Easter holidays are a great time to get together with family and friends.
20386	The East Lindsey Business Awards showcase the skills, talents and successes of East Lindsey businesses and provide a benchmark and inspiration for all businesses in the future.
20387	The East of England is home to many world-renowned scientific and medtech corporations, a vibrant start-up economy and a large number of important NHS providers.
20388	The East side of the pedestal has an inscription, expressing the times in which this pillar was begun, continued, and brought to perfection.
20389	The East Yorkshire town will also host the start of the women’s race, which will run for two days for the first time.
20390	The ECA is charged with auditing the EU budget.
20391	The Eclipse Cross is the most technologically advanced SUV we’ve ever created, packed with next generation technology.
20392	The eclipse will be total along a line extending from the Arctic, through Siberia, Western Mongolia, and Western China.
20393	The Eco Comfort Pocket 1200 has been treated with Allergy UK approved Purotex - a natural treatment that combats allergens to create a drier, fresher and healthier mattress.
20394	The economically inactive population includes people who are retired, students, looking after home or family, long term sick or disabled or otherwise economically inactive.
20395	The economic demands of the Second World War provided the stimulus for Richard Stone and James Meade to develop the basis of modern national accounting.
20396	The economic logic seems impeccable.
20397	The economy — already weak — was decimated.
20398	The economy had shifted and young professional men in white-collar jobs had more money to spend.”
20399	The EcoSport is designed to help keep young children safe and secure on every journey.
20400	The ECSR has Associate Survey Agencies in more than 100 countries worldwide and can offer basic and applied research in form of quantitative and qualitative surveys as well as other empirical research tools in the social and economic sciences.
20401	The Education Authority’s chief executive Gavin Boyd said that he was delighted that the development which has been in use since last April “has happened” and praised the “tremendous effort” of all those involved.
20402	The effects have been devastating.
20403	The effect would be to avoid any conflict between the two obligations.
20404	The Egyptian arrived at the end of January, rather in the shadow of the signing of Daniel Sturridge, and failed to make an appearance in the first-team in that time.
20405	The EHRC protects human rights, promotes equality and challenges discrimination.
20406	The elegantly constructed system is our highest end model, during operation the system will light-up with dual LED strips for a spectacular view.
20407	The elevated back nine offers panoramic views of the Purbeck Hills and Poole Harbour.
20408	The Ellan Vannin is one of the best smaller accommodation providers in Blackpool accommodation with a 3 star accreditation and a friendly happy relaxed atmosphere.
20409	The emergency proxy vote is only for people who could not have applied earlier due to health or work reasons.
20410	The emphasis is on learning and experimenting in a relaxed, informal atmosphere and gaining confidence in your ability to respond to subject matter in a way which is unique and personal to you.
20411	The employee can also then withhold consent to its supply at that stage or ask the doctor to make corrections to it before it's supplied to you.
20412	The employee/ex-employee should email proof of employment P60/P45, etc. to the mother/CB claimant.
20413	The employers looking for applicants are: A.M.P Rose, Eminox, Regal Manufacturing Ltd, Wefco, Trepko (UK) Ltd, Hooton Engineering Ltd, Clean Tech and A Schulman Gainsborough Ltd.
20414	The employers' Market Place will be the day's centrepiece, providing the opportunity to meet with creative sector employers.
20415	The endless amount of ‘firsts’ that you share with your loved ones can contribute towards your house feeling homely.
20416	The end result of such a crossing will commonly lead to a coat that is lese densely curled and rather softer than that of a pedigree poodle, but that retains the poodle’s trait of shedding very little fur.
20417	The energy concept for the Allendorf site concentrates on improving efficiency and substituting fossil fuels with renewables.
20418	The energy efficiency is especially important for fridge freezers and other cooling appliances as they are on all of the time, night and day, throughout the year.
20419	The energy supplier offered £200 discount off the arrears.
20420	The enforcement campaign will see police across England and Wales stepping up roadside alcohol and drug checks, and warning the public about the risks.
20421	The engineering profession has embraced the opportunity afforded by this new approach to apprenticeships to raise standards and to encourage professional registration.
20422	The engine is married to a six-speed manual gearbox with an automatic gearbox available as an alternative.
20423	The English National Curriculum: A Secondary School Department's Exasperation.
20424	The ennoblement of Andrew Green, the founder of the pressure group MigrationWatch, shows how far Cameron will go.
20425	The ensemble skilfully combines voice and movement work to oscillate between a ridiculous chorus of human characters and a chaotic collection of objects – a cacophony of sound rises in a grotesque parody of an alarm clock which becomes a harsh city buzz.
20426	The ensuite contains a bath with shower overhead, toilet, sink and heated towel rail.
20427	The Enterprise Act, a wide-ranging piece of legislation designed to benefit the United Kingdom’s 5.4 million businesses, received Royal Assent on 4th May 2016 and will come into effect in May 2017.
20428	The Enterprise Europe Network provides access to a comprehensive range of specialist and advisory services helping companies to develop their businesses in Europe including details on Public Procurement.
20429	The Enterprise Rent-A-Car branch on Höherweg is less than 15 minutes’ drive from the heart of Düsseldorf and 10 minutes’ drive from Düsseldorf Central Station, with local transport links.
20430	The entertainment, however, has had a mammoth budget cut.
20431	The entire project, from concept to colour, was designed by Lucinda Sandford and delivered to a tight deadline, allowing The Corner House to open just after Christmas.
20432	The entire upper level is renovated and contains a kitchen, living room, 3 bedrooms, bathroom and separate toilet.
20433	The entries for LABC Warranty’s The Bricks have been better than ever and it was difficult to distinguish between the final few in each category.”
20434	The entry includes all of last year’s finalists.
20435	The entry in the statutory register of deaths for the district of Portobello shows that he was buried in Grange Cemetery.
20436	The Environment Agency has a service which allows the public to view data on river levels.
20437	The environmental impact of this two-pronged approach would be positive.
20438	The Environmental Information Regulations 2004 set out enforceable regulations that govern the public's right to access environmental information held by public authorities including local authorities.
20439	The Environmental Permitting Amendment (England and Wales) 2014 Regulations Schedule 9A established a new category of permitted facilities, Material Facilities.
20440	The EOS 200D’s large APS-C sensor makes it easy to shoot with shallow depth of field – ideal for portraits.
20441	The epidemiology and clinical manifestations of the disease in Australia are similar to those in Thailand, although prostatic abscesses and neurological manifestations are more common and parotid abscesses less so.
20442	The e-planning service is designed to give easier access to details of planning applications submitted to Derby City Council.
20443	The ePortfolio allows trainees to relate documentation and evidence to the curriculum and incorporates the ability to record various sign offs.
20444	The ePub Export Options dialog box has a smart redesign, with new support for custom bullets and numbers, and tables.
20445	The Equalities and Inclusion Education Development Advisors are part of the Early Years Development Team, Education Durham.
20446	The Equality Act is designed to protect disabled people and prevent disability discrimination.
20447	The Esporta Group operates 55 health and leisure clubs in the UK and Ireland providing market-leading facilities and services to the premium segment of the health and leisure market.
20448	The essence of the year, the halfway poi.
20449	The essential ability is: to have so much control of what you're doing, to have control of your emotions and your thoughts and total control of your instrument and be able to think not only where you are but ahead, where you're going.
20450	The essentials are here too in that the X-M1 offers both a built-in flash and a vacant hotshoe for the addition of accessories.
20451	“The ESTAS promote the highest levels of customer service and are a quality mark of excellence for those who aspire to and achieve those aims.”
20452	The Estates Professional Services Framework Agreement contract has been awarded by the Crown Commercial Services.
20453	The estate was built on land owned by the Hon Fitzalan Foley, who divided his land into 258 plots in 1885 and began constructing new roads through it.
20454	The Ethos Disability Blog features some interesting posts on a wide range of topics related to disability.
20455	The EU air pollution limits led, last year, to a Supreme Court ruling against London for failing to stay within these targets, requiring them to comply.
20456	The European Commission estimates that land prices would fall 30% across the EU if CAP subsidies were abolished.
20457	The European Commission has adopted a new Circular Economy Strategy (2015) which includes new legislative proposals on waste.
20458	The European Commission has ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014.
20459	The European Commission Horizon 2020: Excellent Science, under the Marie Sklodowska-Curie actions work programme, invites proposals for its H2020-MSCA-COFUND-2018 Marie Sklodowska-Curie co-funding of regional, national and international programmes call.
20460	"The European Rowing Championships has a rich history and the crowds in Glasgow and Scotland have a long-standing reputation for being fantastic.
20461	The European Social Fund Operational Programme was adopted by the European Commission on 10 September 2015 and now published.
20462	The Euro Ramp range includes the popular PC Swivel model, that allows users to have easy access into the rear of the vehicle, and the new detachable WM Light aluminium range that can be removed in seconds.
20463	The evaluation of its intensity and frequency of occurrence could provide valuable clinical information in the assessment of patients with chronic cough.
20464	The evening’s celebrations will culminate in the announcement of three special awards, chosen from all entries: the AJ Design of the Year, the AJ Architect of the Year and the AJ Editor’s Choice Award.
20465	The event, due to be held in Palma in 2016, is expected to be even bigger and even better than before with 17 Awards across 8 different Divisions.
20466	The event, hosted by Lord Holmes of Richmond, highlighted the problems faced daily by guide dog owners who are being forced to walk into the road to avoid cars blocking their path.
20467	The event is also a unique opportunity to become part of this initiative and to network with like-minded organisations, in a friendly environment after a long day of work!
20468	The event is at Melbourn Village College on Saturday, March 17 – doors open at 7.15pm.
20469	The event is a unique partnership between the IFHP; Belfast City Council; the Royal Town Planning Institute; the International New Towns Institute; Ulster University; the Academy of Urbanism; the Ministerial Advisory Group; and the TCPA.
20470	The event is designed to provide an overview of DSP and then focus in on key aspects, working in smaller groups directly with members of the DSP team.
20471	The event is free and open to all the general public and is aimed particularly at families to come along and enjoy…children are sure to enjoy the fun fair.
20472	The event is one of many being held across the county this month as part of the Oxfordshire Science Festival, which aims to enthuse people about science.
20473	The event is open to the entire workforce, offering interactive and participatory sessions that workers will enjoy and learn from.
20474	The events and conversations of the day were recorded using a digital camera and technician.
20475	The events are designed to encourage knowledge sharing, provide networking opportunities and to support the growing BIFM student population by covering the 20 core competencies set out in the BIFM Qualification syllabus wherever possible.
20476	The events are divided into two section.
20477	The eventual decision would have to be considered by the Bank of England, who would assess whether or not the change would be “materially detrimental” to bondholders.
20478	The event was bought to a close with a special performance from Country Ukes, a ukulele band who entertained residents young and old with their selection of country music classics.
20479	The event was well attended and put on to raise some community spirit and to raise funds for the Purleigh community playground project.
20480	The event will be part of Kingston’s successful TUIT initiative and the first in a series of TUIT events at The Bentall Centre.
20481	The event will focus on the theme of 'Building Independent Language Learners.'
20482	The event will then involve five minute pitches from the speakers from each side of the debate before our host will put industry’s most burning questions to the three speakers.
20483	The evidence of slag in the waste would suggest engine power and there are no watercourses discernable.
20484	The E window is C19 except the splays and pointed rear-arch.
20485	The exact procedure depends on which browser you are using.
20486	The Examination and Assessments team is instructed to notify the Proctors of examiners failing to comply.
20487	‘The Exam Results helpline (ERH) has some very knowledgeable and committed staff on the phones who can offer advice.
20488	The excellent Michael McNaught and Paul Quigley hogged midfield and all over the field, their passing and link play was near perfect.
20489	The exception was Epsom Downs station which retained semaphore signals, by then of the upper quadrant type, until the slightly premature destruction of the signal box.
20490	The exchange of endearment happened not in school, but in the private lifes of the teacher and the schoolgirl.
20491	The exercise yard outside the back of the museum close to the York Castle Prison area is fully accessible.
20492	The Exeter MCR is also excellent at organising social events to suit all tastes and ensuring that the graduate students feel just as integrated into college life as the undergraduates.
20493	The exhaust gas passes through the channel walls, on which the particulates collect.
20494	The exhibition also features striking historic aerial photographs which chronicle the spread of new arterial roads, bypasses and motorways to meet the needs of motor transport.
20495	The exhibition runs until May 19 - and a Women's March will be taking place on March 7 at 1.15pm, progressing from Hyde Park to Trafalgar Square.
20496	The exhibitions and collections team develop and deliver exhibitions and showcases in partnership and manages the Crafts Council Collections.
20497	The exhibition venue also has the benefit of the outside space available, which can be used for vehicles, branding or something more creative.
20498	"The existing e-learning has won awards for its treatment of mental ill-health, and the College's review will build on what we currently have.
20499	The existing fixtures and fittings were removed and a complete new suite installed.
20500	The ExoMars rover has been built in Stevenage, and I look forward to seeing the results from the Mars methane sniffer once it has completed its seven-month journey to Mars.
20501	The expansion of mail order horticulture in France during that time offered the domestic gardener access to a growing selection of plants, and provided Fantin-Latour with an ever increasing choice of subject matter.
20502	The expected problems with a Renault Espace are:1.
20503	The experience that our customers have with us is paramount – we love adding little touches to make their time with us more memorable and enjoyable.
20504	The expert route designers have described the undulating route as "bringing new meaning to the phrase 'up-hill and down dale'".
20505	The expert said professional trade bodies can point people in the direction of a trustworthy construction firm.
20506	The experts’ joint statement may include action, if any, which may be taken to resolve the outstanding points of disagreement, any further material points not raised in any Agenda and the extent to which the issues are agreed.
20507	The experts, property developer Gary McCausland and former estate agent Jonny Benarr, put the homeowners through their paces to help them achieve that elusive sale," the programmer adds.
20508	The Exploration Society will liaise with museums across London and liaise with you to create the best experience for your group.
20509	The extended length race is 6km lengthy, therefore you pull your elbows vast and again.
20510	The extension was commissioned to increase the throughput of Fowler Welch’s joint venture with ISS.
20511	The extensive safety package includes an FIA-conformant safety fuel tank, a racing safety cell, the PS3 safety seat, FIA safety nets on both sides of the seat and a rescue hatch in the roof like the one used in the Audi R8 LMS.
20512	The extent and detail that the covers is determined by the gold commander.
20513	The extent to which young mothers are left feeling lonely and isolated after having a baby was revealed today (Wednesday, May 2) by the Co-op and the British Red Cross.
20514	The exterior is well served by wall mounted sensor operated lighting and a cold water tap.
20515	The external expert group is a powerful project instrument with open membership to maximise the outreach of the project outcomes and to involve stakeholders in the protocol use at as early stages as possible.
20516	The extra 125mm added to the chassis takes the XJ to an impressive 5.2 metres in length, and accentuates the low-slung roofline even further.
20517	The fabric has changed!
20518	The fabulous Brodi walnut coffee table has a tapering base and a removable tray that sits on a black-lacquered table top.
20519	The facility construction is on time and on budget.
20520	The Facility technical staff are experienced in histopathology and are happy to help researchers get the best from their samples.
20521	The fact is, housebuilding is a traditional industry.
20522	The fact is – it doesn’t.
20523	"The fact is, relationships and sexuality shape our lives as well as the world around us," the education secretary has said.
20524	The fact is that such concerns are widespread and as an international organisation the CIC is well aware of these issues and their effect within hunting communities across the world.
20525	The factory should connect to the sewer for all contaminated water.
20526	The fact that he and his wife estranged wife Marquerite were in the same court room was remarkable in itself.
20527	The fact that it coincided with my 50th year also added a particular incentive.
20528	The fact that’s not happened isn’t the failure of the parliamentary timetable but down to a lack of political will.
20529	The fact that they can collect data is worry No.1.
20530	The fact that Volvo will never launch another diesel model really is a breath of fresh air.
20531	The fact we could take the dog was a real added bonus.
20532	The Fairerpower brand may also now be expanded to include non-energy products or services.
20533	The family also became involved in the Davis Engineering and Launch Building Company located in St Helen’s works at the junction of the river Thames and the Wilts & Berks canal.
20534	The family bathroom is found off the inner hallway and comprises a pedestal wash hand basin, low level w.c and a panelled bath with shower attachment over.
20535	The Family Enclosure On The Hill is a relatively new enclosure designed to provide families with the opportunity to enjoy the renowned atmosphere of the Downs in a safe, family friendly environment.
20536	The family moved to Leicester while Denzil was young and his father established the firm of Matthew G Jarvis, staircase maker, at 77½ Humberstone Gate, Leicester.
20537	The family of Violet-Grace Youens, who have close ties with the nursery group, were invited to officially open the new nursery in memory of their daughter.
20538	The famous landmarks of London include Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, London Eye and Marble Arch amongst others.
20539	The fares include unlimited premium brand drinks from the bar, as well as a stocked mini-bar in every cabin and all gratuities.
20540	The farmers planted it over 63 acres.
20541	The farmhouse is centrally heated with a traditional coal fire in the lounge.
20542	The farmhouse is in a great location for accessing some of Derbyshire’s attractions such as Chatsworth House, Bolsover Castle and Bakewell, as well as for exploring what Matlock has to offer.
20543	The farms are large, few being found rented under £100 a year.
20544	The father of an autistic girl has accused the mother of slipping bleach into their daughter's drinks.
20545	The Fat Italian Ormskirk is a great place.
20546	The favoured link with Camden is via Connaught Hill (northbound) and Greville Road (southbound).
20547	The FCA’s current focus is on overdrafts, rent-to-own, home-collected credit and catalogue credit because they perceive particular risks to consumers in these markets.
20548	The FDA has taken part in a coordinated public sector campaign today with other TUC-affiliated trade unions to call for an end to the public sector pay freeze.
20549	The featured film will be The Hundred-Foot Journey starring Helen Mirren.
20550	The featured in the series are now on display in our Japanese Gallery.
20551	The feed, a combination of brewer’s grain, citrus peel, pressed pulp and minerals, is sealed in airtight 750kg bags to maintain its freshness.
20552	The feedback has been astounding; we would thoroughly recommend Michelle to all thinking of making a booking.
20553	The fee is up to 1 per cent but a typical fee is 0.3 per cent of the amount borrowed.
20554	The feeling of not really belonging here, and yet not really belonging there, only gets deeper as time goes on.
20555	The Fellowship consulted architects who were unanimous in urging them to go ahead.
20556	The festival took place from the 23th June to 8th July along the Pyrhn road from Schlierbach in the north to Windischgarsten in the south.
20557	The festival will begin at 10am with a spectacular parade and will conclude at 4pm.
20558	The festive treats hit stores nationwide today and here are some of the range you can tuck into.
20559	The festivities continue to midnight when we will see in the New Year with a glass of champagne!
20560	THE feud between screen icons Bette Davis and Joan Crawford was the stuff of legend.
20561	The fifth complaint was regarding the service of a summons.
20562	The figures he gives are meaningless without context and an example of divisive cherry-picking facts one might expect from a man with no principles and with an election looming.
20563	“The figures highlight that NHS Lanarkshire is matching and indeed exceeding the Scottish and the West of Scotland averages in achieving the 62 waiting day referral to treatment target in many cancers.
20564	The figures, taken from the latest Moneyfacts UK Savings Trends Treasury Report, show that both the average rates have risen by 0.09% since November to stand at 0.48% and 0.75% respectively.
20565	The file can used by any automated tool for the monitoring of workflows.
20566	The film also stars James Cann, Zooey Deschanel, Mary Steenburgen, Daniel Tay and many others.
20567	The film charts his rise from a poor childhood in rural Georgia to becoming one of the most celebrated performers of the 20th century.
20568	The final challenge came in the shape of the leadership low ropes where the team selected a leader, who was the only member of the team that was allowed to speak.
20569	The final line of argument is that officials are very busy and inquiries are very expensive, and we should therefore just walk on by.
20570	The final wine is then stabilised and prepared for bottling.
20571	The final workshops at Victoria Road, Hebden Bridge, will be held on Thursday (4th) from 4pm-6pm with an extra evening session for teens and adults from 7pm-9pm.
20572	The final work will be the result of a dichotomy between his wish to allow the work to develop by chance and his contrarian inability to relinquish control.
20573	The Financial Services Group is a new group covering all people who work in or with organisations who support the industry.
20574	The Financial Times newspaper quoted documents drawn up by the company in December.
20575	The findings from this research suggest that an RCT of FOR is feasible.
20576	The findings reinforce the significant contribution the Enterprise Adviser Network can make to both the prospects for young people and the local economy.
20577	The findings were published in an Independent Verification Statement, adding credibility to the client's sustainability report.
20578	The findings will be included in the Council’s Local Plan in order to ensure that full attention is given to protecting and enhancing this important component of East Dunbartonshire’s landscape.
20579	The Finera range – True style has nothing to hide.
20580	The fire started between junctions 36 forKirkby Lonsdale and 37 for Kendal in the early hours of Wednesday.
20581	The firm currently employs more than 100 construction and administrative staff at its Knockin base and sites across the region.
20582	“The firm has had a phenomenal 12 months, breaking through the £50m turnover target for the first time and this is down to the hard work and dedication of our loyal staff.
20583	The firm is re-branded as Savills.
20584	The firm pride themselves on being able to support and look after their clients, most of whom are sole traders, limited companies and partnerships.
20585	The first 3 placed horses are taken into the Winners Enclosure for people to see.
20586	The first allowed the girls to learn more about the history of computing, and of course, see the advances women have made in this area.
20587	The first and furthest stop was the Sarova Mara Game Camp in the famous Masai Mara, reached via a short flight from the Ukunda airstrip.
20588	The first Carluccio’s was a humble Italian food shop founded by the late Antonio Carluccio in 1991, but it expanded as a full restaurant at the start of the new millennial.
20589	The first Castle Point Joggers representative to cross the finish line was Rick Wade, who took 42 minutes and 28 seconds to complete the event.
20590	The first chart shows quarterly data for annual CPI and CPIH inflation since 2006.
20591	The first complete genomic sequence of a complex organism - an animal, with which the human body can be compared, promises to open a new chapter in the understanding of human health and disease."
20592	The first criteria in determining whether to hold a special measures meeting is whether a witness or support service has requested such a meeting.
20593	The first extra care scheme to be built and run by Leeds City Council, Wharfedale View, is already taking shape in Yeadon.
20594	The first fight is often the closest, and James Russell won 5-4 against Tom; Tom was in fact set to compete in all weapons that day.
20595	The first five decades of the 20th century in Southampton only lived with the port industry largely.
20596	“The first goal is bad.
20597	The first great naval engagement of the French revolutionary wars, the Battle of the First of June, was fought between in the Atlantic Ocean.
20598	The first GTI from this era had truly asthmatic performance, its eight-valve engine only good for a 10-second 0-60mph time – a lot slower than the MkI.
20599	The first half of 2014 was a record first half year for company registrations in Bradford when compared to any half year in history.
20600	The first-half scoring was completed by McKinstry when he linked up with Low and Ekevati.
20601	The first image shows a sighted person's view sat talking to a friend.
20602	The first issue is that charities have traditionally paid a flat flee to overnight workers who were asleep, and have now been told they must pay these workers minimum wage instead.
20603	The first kind of problem may be labelled the ‘no employer black hole’ or NEBH for short.
20604	The first laps are always driven cautiously to get used to the twists and turns of the track and to become familiar with the kart controls.
20605	“The first meeting I held when I became the national LGB&T policing lead was with the National Trans Police Association.
20606	THE FIRST meeting of the Droitwich Rail User Action Group was held at the Community Hall last night.
20607	The first National Trail newsletter of 2017 is out - and it offers the opportunity to win a fabulous holiday in the Yorkshire Dales.
20608	The first night they met, Phil was too busy washing up his favourite frying pan, Excalibur, to pay that much interest in Joanna!
20609	The first of the various Sons of Liberty organisations were the Loyal Nine of Boston, and among their members were a printer, a brazier, a painter and a jeweller.
20610	The first papermaking machine was installed in 1892, which was making paper until 1956, when a new larger Fourdrinier machine was built.
20611	The first Passat was launched in 1973 and since then there have been seven generations of the design.
20612	The first pattern is a Christmas ornament (pictured), with other patterns to follow.
20613	The first phase of 3,000 new homes will be available later this year.
20614	The first phase will see the installation of a shared use footway and cycleway along Felixstowe Road, a new Toucan Crossing installed close to Sainsbury's for pedestrian access and the marking of an additional carriage lane from Sainsbury's.
20615	The first popular science critique of homeopathy was written in 1842 and there have been hundreds since (my favourite is Jay Shelton’s Homeopathy: how it really works).
20616	The first project they established was a drop-in centre for young women located on the Cleadon Park Estate.
20617	The first proposal from Schools And Churches Together (GSCT), is to turn the land into a community garden that would also have a spiritual area for reflection and capacity for small-scale music performances.
20618	The first railway in the Gunnislake area was the 3-foot 6-inch gauge East Cornwall Mineral Railway (ECMR) which ran between Calstock and Kelly Bray serving a number of depots en-route.
20619	The first real challenge comes when you leave High Lorton: the uphill slog to Whinlatter, the first section of which is unremitting, until you join the B5292 on the Whinlatter Pass.
20620	The first round of the summer series this Friday will be on the Beastie Lake.
20621	The first Salisbury Cathedral was built on the hill by St Bishop Osmund between 1075 and 1092.
20622	The first screening will take place in the courtyard at Summerhall on Friday 23 June, as part of a live music event featuring a host of local bands.
20623	The first six months of public use represent part of the initial consultation process and are expected to generate a large number of responses and the D&SB will undergo a major revision at the end of this period.
20624	The first stages included understanding and recording the site more thoroughly, as well as providing better access for visitors and new ways of telling the buildings' story.
20625	The first step in building a fence is to accurately figure out the dimensions and perimeter of the fence that you need to build and then go buy the required material and tools for building.
20626	The first step in joining our Degree Apprenticeship programme is to find and apply for a relevant job vacancy.
20627	The first step will be a Housing Options Assessment so that we can understand your situation and any areas of support that you may require.
20628	The first theme in this gallery is all about politics and protest post 1945.
20629	The first thing an attorney must do is act in the best interests of the donor (the person who created the LPA).
20630	The first thing to look for is the rose plant's grade.
20631	The first thing to note is that financial proceedings and children proceedings are all dealt with separately to the divorce.
20632	The first thing to remember when you look at a photograph is that all the clues may lead to nothing if the picture is a reprint.
20633	The first thing we did was open the lid and sniff the moisturiser, and it didn't have a smell at all, which we were more than happy with.
20634	The First-tier Tribunal was satisfied that the restaurant were in the names of the taxpayer and his wife.
20635	The first traineeship programme, which ran from 2014 - 2016, provided opportunities for twenty non-graduates to take part in a ground-breaking work-based training programme at seventeen host institutions.
20636	The first tramcars for the system were purchased from established manufacturers but when Gateshead & District Tramway Co. decided to modernise its fleet between 1923 and 1928 most of the new single deckers were built in-house at its Sunderland Road works.
20637	The first trees have been planted as part of the North West Cambridge Development today.
20638	The first Victim Support scheme is set up in Bristol by Chris Holtom.
20639	The first video was launched earlier this year and addressed the topic of preparation and pre-treatment.
20640	The first workshop, Keeping it Real, takes place on Thursday 7 July 2016.
20641	The fish would generally have been kept in large ponds, but when the host had visitors or if it was a special occasion they would have taken the goldfish out of the pond, and put them in the Jardinière bowls to display a living decoration.
20642	The fitter worked extremely hard on a very hot day and was most conscientious, we applaud his efforts.
20643	The flat is situated on the first floor (with lift) and comprises reception room, separate kitchen, modern bathroom and good size double bedroom with excellent storage.
20644	The flat itself comprises of an open plan living dining (.
20645	The flattering floral top and skirt combo from one of her very favourite designers, Erdem.
20646	The FLA, which insists it’s not a far right gang, lost its founder following a row over charity monies allegedly going missing.
20647	The fledgling club’s first two ‘signings’ Haydn Morley and George Bakewell both defected from Midland – and more followed suit.
20648	The floral development and anatomy of Carica papaya L. (Caricaceae).
20649	The flowers have been planted with care and it can be clearly seen already that around the outside of the face is printed ‘Pannett Park’ in hedging just slightly apart from the numerals.
20650	The Flying Scotsman is to pass through North Herts and South Cambs this morning.
20651	The FN has a significant audience in the police—more than 50 percent of officers vote for the party.
20652	The foam padded collar and tongue cushion your feet and keep them comfortable.
20653	The focus now is on qualification for Euro 2020, a tournament being held in 12 cities across Europe, including Glasgow.
20654	'The focus now needs to be on addressing fundamental structural issues.
20655	The focus of the meeting will be the main camera controls and the theme for the gallery will be Red.
20656	The focus on the scriptures has been maintained to the present day.
20657	The following are some of the most common covers included in pub insurance.
20658	The following charges apply to photocopying and computer print outs for personal use and / or study purposes.
20659	The following comments arose from the discussion, what were the outcomes of the health and safety inspections of 21 residential care homes?
20660	The following description includes a visit to the summit of Leith Hill and the gothic style tower that RH built.
20661	The following is a selective list of the key visual sources that enable us to see changes at Stonehenge over time and changing attitudes to the monument.
20662	The following list gives the with the places in each; ---
20663	The following table shows the new birds caught:-
20664	The following table shows the number of references in some well-regarded studies and the percentage of these references that can be found in ECCO.
20665	The following will be provided to all young people in Thurrock.
20666	The food, drinks and venue all came from one supplier.
20667	The food in the Big Easy was nothing short of incredible, I will never forget how good alligator tastes.
20668	The food was amazing and venue & DJ we're outstanding.
20669	The food was wonderful everywhere and the main dining room equal quality to the specialty restaurants.
20670	The Football Association have made the early draws for the FA Cup, FA Trophy and FA Youth Cup for the 2015/16 season.
20671	The force is determined to continue to provide a high-quality policing service to the public.
20672	The force’s call handlers have empathy and understanding, but I would like to see the force give them better guidance on the identification of mental health problems and general vulnerability.
20673	The Forces Help to Buy scheme allows service personnel to borrow up to 50% of their annual salary, up to a maximum amount of £25,000.
20674	The Ford Fiesta is reliable and cheap to run, meaning it could be the perfect car for a newly qualified driver.
20675	The FordStore experience marks a new horizon for automotive retail providing an extended experience that's innovative, personalised and intuitive.
20676	The forecast states there will be strong and – at times gusty – winds expected through much of the day, and there is a small chance of injuries and danger to life, as well as minor property damage, from flying debris.
20677	The foreshore is also easy going and safe for children.
20678	The forest also surrounds the Hermitage, an 18 Century pleasure-ground for the Dukes of Atholl set around the River Braan gorge.
20679	The Forestry Centre is on the right hand side.
20680	The formal consultation document was prepared outlining a proposed implementation date of September 2018.
20681	The form at the bottom of the table allows you to enter your name and weight, when you click on the 'Add' button it will add your details to the table.
20682	The former 2009 DfE guidance Safeguarding Children and Young People from Sexual Exploitation has been replaced by new for practitioners.
20683	The former artillery battery on the Needles Headland offered a secure location with underground accommodation.
20684	The former 'Destiny's Child' singer and her boyfriend and manager Tim Witherspoon have gotten married.
20685	The former grounds of the hall are now partly covered by many hectares of woodland, some of which is mature.
20686	The former Liverpool and Manchester United striker looks ahead to the weekend's action.
20687	The former mission church was retained as the church hall and linked to the new church by a two-storey wing containing the vestry, office and first-floor chapel.
20688	The former passenger platform and its stone-built back wall can be seen on the right.
20689	The former PR exec was inspired to create a brand that helps kids feel more secure when apart from their loved ones after she spent time in hospital and was separated from her children.
20690	The former stables are transformed into kitchen facilities and servants' accommodation.
20691	The formula has proved so successful, it’s spread from Hay to places as far-flung as Lebanon, Mexico and the Maldives.
20692	The formula is as follows:-
20693	The formula that comprises the mesotherapy injections in a Mesolift procedure is designed to target the skin’s cells that contribute to the aging process.
20694	The fortress-like Stray Walls and the stately avenue of lime trees are two of the features 'at risk' in Castle Howard's awe-inspiring landscape.
20695	The Forum will meet for the first time on 8 October 2015.
20696	The Forward Plan of items for meetings of the Local Committee for Carlisle is attached for information.
20697	The fossil in question had actually been excavated some time ago in Brazil, which had been part of the ur-continent Gondwana at the time the leggy snake was alive, …
20698	“The foster carer at the Blue Cross says that he’s like a totally different cat.
20699	The Foundation for Social Improvement (FSI) works to support small charities (those with an income under £1.5 million) to be as effective as sustainable as possible.
20700	The Foundation is now able to offer remote desktop-hosted working from any of its four offices.
20701	The founder of Scottish charity Refuweegee discusses setting up and running a charitable organisation.
20702	The four Matchbox sets come with a liquid matte lipstick – watch out, Kylie – and a gel effect nail varnish, all with cute shade names of Lottie’s favourite buzzwords, from ‘Salt’ and ‘Buzzin’ to ‘Out Out’ and ‘Babes.’
20703	The four networks are essential UK infrastructure, distributing gas to approximately half of the country’s connected households.
20704	The four nights' debate on Sir John Yarde Roller's motion fermi-. noted this morning at five o'clock.
20705	The four-star Casa Andina Private Collection is set in a secluded rural location on a hillside with beautiful views across the Urubamba valley.
20706	The four storey Georgian development is located in a quiet square, within the City of London / Financial District.
20707	The fourth objective is to demonstrate the capabilities of the new understanding developed in the previous steps through case studies, focusing on a Chinese island community and a Scottish scenario.
20708	The Four-two has a tiny 6.95-metre turning circle so can pull a U-turn in most sidestreets – and of course it can park nose in to the kerb.
20709	The Fox & Coney Inn was originally built in 1739 as a coaching inn, and today is a hotel, restaurant and public house.
20710	The Foyle Terrace and Bar offers a selection of locally produced spirits, ales and lagers and wine by the glass or bottle.
20711	The frame is slightly smaller than the PHO and works with most prescription strengths.
20712	The framework currently consists of ten overarching outcome measures and a range of further indicators grouped into four key areas: wider determinants of health, health improvement, health protection and healthcare and premature mortality.
20713	The Francis Crick Institute is a new centre for biomedical research which is being set up in London.
20714	The Freer Medal honors individuals who in the course of a career have contributed in a substantial way to the understanding of the arts of Asia.
20715	The front air nozzles, for example, not only individually control the direction of the air flow, but also the blower speed and the temperature, which is displayed within the nozzle.
20716	The FSCS aims to pay the vast majority of savers back within seven days if a bank, building society or credit union goes bust.
20717	Theft of number plates reported in Bellhouse Road area.
20718	The full cost of installing a CHP boiler is somewhere between £5,000 to £7,000, depending on the type of installation and home specification, which is quite a big investment for a typical household.
20719	The full details of the programme will be developed in the coming weeks.
20720	The full Governing Body meets on a termly basis, whilst sub committees such as: finance, curriculum and staffing meet on a more regular basis.
20721	The full opera (including libretto and essay by James S. Williams) is available on Metier msv77203 CD+DVD.
20722	The full qualification will be graded at Distinction with Honours, Distinction, Merit or Pass All tests and the examination must be successfully achieved to gain the full qualification.
20723	The full range of R900 & M900 Series sprayers replace the previous 800 Series trailed models, which will stop production later in 2015.
20724	The full report and a summary can be found at Parenting across Scotland, under the heading, “Kinship Carers and Employment: Barriers and Opportunities”.
20725	The full report, including the Digital Cities Barometer, can be found at http://connectedfuture.
20726	The function of organizing is to co-ordinate these tasks in such a way that the organization is able to work efficiently in fulfilling its objectives.
20727	‘The fundamental goal of healthcare is to increase value.
20728	The fund has actually underperformed sharply over the last year partly due to the quality bias proving a headwind but also because it has a large underweight in China and a hefty overweight to India.
20729	The funding for the new building is secured, but we now need to raise more money each year to be able to make the service itself happen – which is why Tower to Tower 2018 is so important.”
20730	The funding is a form of mezzanine finance that does not require equity, with part of the interest rolled back until the maturity of the loan, thus freeing up cashflow.
20731	The funding of these 8 trackers means we can ensure that we can safely and easily monitor the School's D of E groups who frequently venture in to remote areas.
20732	“The funding Welsh Government has provided over the years has made a significant impact on families’ lives.
20733	The fund is designed to help those made redundant find other employment as quickly as possible, for example through re-training.
20734	The Fundraising Regulator has announced that Gerald Oppenheim will replace Stephen Dunmore as its new chief executive in the summer.
20735	The fund selection tool provides a simple three step process that enables DIY investors to drill down into the Favourite Funds list to find the funds that suit their investment goals.
20736	The fund’s investments are weighted towards companies that demonstrate a strong track record of managing environmental, social and governance (‘ESG’) risks and opportunities.
20737	The funeral will take place at North East Surrey Crematorium on Friday 18th May at 12.40pm.
20738	The funeral will take place on Thursday April 26 at 11.30 am at St Josephs Church, Thame.
20739	The funniest of comedians set out to entertain, heckle if you dare.
20740	The fun starts when well-meaning interference causes chaos in typical Ayckbourn style.
20741	The further Cuarón and Lubezki shift into the montage regime of contemporary Hollywood studio filmmaking, the more emphatic their subsequent departure from an aesthetic of classical montage.
20742	The further make-up effects used to show injury sustained from this are also deserving of a mention, making me cringe several times from their disgusting detail.
20743	The further rise in the personal allowance will help business owners, as will the fact that this time around it is being handed on to higher rate taxpayers with a rise to the higher rate threshold.
20744	The Fusion is capable of very high accuracy at close to the UK power limit.
20745	The future for accountants in practice will be different from now, but there will be a future and there will be a space for accountants in practice in that future of that there is no doubt.
20746	“The future of the UK – within or outside the EU – is definitely a question of democratic sovereignty, which is the ability for societies to democratically make the choices that shape their future.
20747	The gallery is set out on a T-plan, comprising the main rectangular full-height space and a smaller centrally-placed extension to the rear, on the axis of the entrance.
20748	The game format may be different, but the chances of getting a BIG win aren’t – so get Slingo-ing!
20749	The game’s popularity is also on the increase in the UK too, with an estimated 218, 000 people who enjoy ‘shooting hoops’.
20750	The game started with both teams totally committed but Shetland were controlling the game and they were the team who were creating the chances.
20751	The Gantocks rocks lie off the coast at Dunoon.
20752	The Gap of Barnesmore; a Tale of the Irish Highlands, and the Revolu- tion of 1688.
20753	The garage, named D.A.D. after his children’s initials; David, Andrew and Dylan, is a converted car dealership in Westchester, New York, designed by the company’s interior designer Alfredo Paredes.
20754	The garage of your home is not just a shelter to your luxury cars and bikes but an important part of your home.
20755	The garden has been designed for easy maintenance and is fully enclosed with stone walling and fencing.
20756	The garden lawned area contains a variety of trees including silver birch, crab apple, plum and cooking apple.
20757	The gardens are built into the side of a steep hillside and several flights of steep steps provide the main access for visitors.
20758	The gardens are spread over 1.5 acres and are organised in three themes: the Spanish Garden (based on Granada's Alhambra), the Tudor Garden and the English Woodland.
20759	The gardens are to the side and front of the cottage and are shared with the other cottages.
20760	The gardens have many varieties of flowers and trees including Lancashire's oldest yew tree and many specimen trees from Legh Keck's arboretum, one of which is a fallen giant redwood (one of only two known in the UK!).
20761	The gas is acidic and corrosive.
20762	“The Gateway Club and a number of other groups also came along and joined in and played their part as well, so I would like to thank everyone for their support.
20763	The Gazette, through Islington police, approached the Met’s mounted branch for comment but did not receive a response.
20764	The GDPR heralds a significant change in the culture, as well as the processes, of how organisations handle data and there are stiff penalties for falling foul of the law.
20765	The GDPR is a reaction to these highly significant changes.
20766	The general approach of emerging price contracts and lack of certainty / control on costs is one of the biggest barriers to private investment.
20767	“The generations of famous figures who have graced this room throughout history owe their successes to the teachers who inspired and educated them.
20768	The generous donation will mean lots of new toys and games to play with for patients and young people at the hospital.
20769	The Genevieve and Fleur rings from Davie & Chiyo add the right amount of sparkle Must-see bridal accessories here!
20770	The genome sequence of the most common mould that causes disease worldwide is published in on Thursday 22 December 2005.
20771	The genuine firm does not employ any individual with the same name as those named within the fake website.
20772	The GHD Gold Styler – Pure Gold retails at £139 and delivers the new gold standard of styling.
20773	The Giant Pet Store Ltd is a pet shop selling a range of food, toys, bedding and other supplies for different types of pets.
20774	The girls, from 2nd Thatcham Guides, presented trustee Dr Robert Tayton with a cheque for £925 recently.
20775	The girls were absolutely beautiful and full of character and personality.
20776	The girls were reminded of this year's two chosen Mary Ward characteristics – ‘Encouraging hard work and excellence’ and ‘Following in Christ's footsteps’ – and were tasked with incorporating these characteristics into their games.
20777	The gite accommodation is full of rustic charm with oak beams, a log fire.
20778	The GLAA and Merseyside Police were acting on intelligence which alleges migrant workers from Romania are being trafficked into the UK and forced to work.
20779	The glass furnace at Haughton Green was unusual in that it was coal-fired rather than charcoal-fired.
20780	The GLE 43 AMG has 362bhp and is capable of 0-62mph in 5.7 seconds, while the range-topping GLE 63 S AMG has a 577bhp engine, which rockets the car from 0-62mph in just 4.2 seconds.
20781	The Global Covenant is a commitment by a diverse group of religious leaders, scholars, and civil society organizations to prevent and reduce religion-related violence.
20782	The globally famous star, however, never liked the spotlight and would turn to alcohol to calm his nerves before a big show.
20783	The goalless stalemate was also the second season in a row that the Brewers had left Ashton Gate with a share of the spoils from a nil-nil draw and continued Nigel Clough's run of never having tasted defeat as a manager at City's home.
20784	The Golden Coconut, a large tent to the right as you exit the welcome center, sells a variety of cold beverages, including popular Guatemalan beer Gallo and -- of course -- coconuts, which are cracked open so you can drink their water with a straw.
20785	The gold grids improved cryo-EM image quality and allowed Chris and Lori to determine the structure of apoferritin.
20786	The golf club has told members it is considering selling up and those who own shares could make of thousands of pounds if the development goes ahead.
20787	The good news is that Spring is on the horizon!
20788	“The good thing about social media is even if you don’t say it in your music, you can say it online.
20789	“The good thing about the Northern cities is that although we’re quite small, the scene is so supportive,” says Damian.
20790	The Government agrees with that view”.
20791	The Government aim to introduce the Productive Ward methodology into 100% of Acute, Mental Health, Community Hospital wards and Community Services teams by 31st March 2014.
20792	The government has announced proposals to change the fees charged for visas, immigration and nationality applications and associated premium services.
20793	The government has announced proposals to charge utility companies by the hour for roadworks, ensuring repairs are carried out a quickly as possible.
20794	The government has explicitly set out what it hopes to learn, but how informative are the pilots actually likely to be?
20795	The Government has given North Lincs £1.18 million for this but it will need match funding.
20796	The Government has given up its attempt to produce national guidelines on when it is appropriate to.
20797	The government has introduced changes to restrict tax relief for certain workers engaged through an ‘employment intermediary’.
20798	The government has just closed an official consultation process on a package of measures to crack down on what it calls ‘rogue property agents’ and ‘rogue landlords’, including implementing banning orders.
20799	The Government have already announced their path to a low rate of corporation tax, at 18%.
20800	The Government have provided local authorities with additional funding to help businesses with their business rate bills.
20801	The Government have recently issued guidance under Regulation 113 of the Public Contracts regulations, that asks Housing Associations to publish performance regarding payment of suppliers.
20802	The Government indicated in October 2017 that post-2020 there would be a return to linked rent settlement.
20803	The government is consulting on these changes now.
20804	The Government is currently rolling out Universal Credit (UC).
20805	The government knows that English devolution commands strong public support.
20806	The Government proposes the abolition of large numbers of health and safety regulations.
20807	The Government should consider introducing some form of mandatory licensing system for domestic builders so that consumers know that all building firms have a base level of skill, competence and professionalism.
20808	The government should extend the current statutory "right to request flexible work" to everyone.
20809	The government's NewBuy scheme aimed at promoting new-build homes to UK buyers over recent months has so far failed to have the impact that many people had expected it to, a sector expert has claimed.
20810	The government’s new formula for assessing housing need was laid over this to see how far brownfield and can go towards meeting housing needs.
20811	The government specification calls for the partner to provide the “full range of services required to design and deliver grant programmes for voluntary, community and social enterprise organisations”.
20812	The Government wants to inspire other small businesses and point them towards the support that can help them grow."
20813	The government will be prepared to assist in trade deals, deregulation and training if sectors can prove that these actions would tackle the issues they're facing.
20814	The government will set out a process for enabling the PCC to assume governance and will include a requirement that fire and rescue authorities provide all necessary information.
20815	The Grade I listed bridge had been supported by scaffolding since late in 2012 and thorough investigations were carried out to assess the condition of the bridge and its red sandstone.
20816	The gram-negative bacterium Helicobacter felis naturally colonizes the gastric mucosa of dogs and cats.
20817	The grand architecture and ornate stylings of the hotel’s spaces make it unbeatable as a venue for prom nights in Plymouth.
20818	The Grant of the Code powers is intended to assist persons who provide an electronic communications network and/or system of infrastructure.
20819	• The graphic above has been updated with the figures which have now been provided to us by the EEAST showing the true extent of ambulance handover delays.
20820	The grave tone of Churchill’s speech made some impression and may have contributed in some measure to the rather pessimistic atmosphere of today.
20821	The great advantage of using this type of grill is that it excess fats and grease from cooking are drawn away from the food during cooking.
20822	The Greater Manchester Health and Social Care Partnership is governed by the Health and Social Care Partnership Board, which meets regularly in public.
20823	The Green Budget will be launched on Wednesday 29th January.
20824	The Greenock men made amends for last week"s abysmal second half display, which saw them surrender a 16-3 lead to Highland.
20825	The Green Party are pro referendum because we believe in democracy however we would be strongly making the case for staying in the EU.
20826	The gripping qualities of the tyre also reduce braking distances to maximise driver control.
20827	The ground feeding table and folding cage guardian did the trick.
20828	The ground floor will remain as business space for potential shops, restaurants or cafes to rent.
20829	The grounds an acre are mainly lawned with mature trees and shrubs.
20830	The grounds are close to open countryside and lead up to Earby waterfall; the Pennine Way and local children’s play area.
20831	The ground should be fine for him and this looks a good place to start.
20832	The group consists of the Principal, Bursar, Senior Tutor, Tutor for Graduates, Tutor for Welfare, Tutor for Women, Disability Officer, BME Officer, Academic Registrar, Junior Deans and representatives of the MCR and the JCR.
20833	The Group, formerly known as the Interim Momentum Group has been in existence since 2015.
20834	The group got on very well and we covered so many sites without any problems and I can thoroughly recommend the tour.
20835	The group has proved a godsend for one attendee’s daughter, Emma.
20836	The Group is composed of a team of emergent and established researchers whose work includes practice and theory in architecture, fashion, product design, film, medical, make, materials and visual communication.
20837	The group is happy to stay as they are and don’t want the additional commitment of forming a tenants or residents association (setting up a committee, agreeing a constitution and to be accountable to those they represent).
20838	The group organising the event promise a phenomenal professional display in which everyone can come together and enjoy.
20839	The group you are in will determine what is expected of you during your claim.
20840	The growing ability of nonstate actors to conduct offensive action further complicates the design of measures to repulse it.
20841	“The growth experienced in 2014 has continued with a total of 47 new projects in the last two years, the highest level of growth of any gas market in the world”
20842	The Growth Hub offers direct one-to-one support and workshops on a wide range of issues important when setting up for moving a business, including intellectual property and finance.
20843	The growth of low-paid self-employment is a particularly concerning trend.
20844	The GTI is a better car overall, but the GT isn’t far behind and of course it comes with the predictably superb Golf mix of practicality and class.
20845	The Guardian guide focuses on the quality of teaching, student satisfaction and employability.
20846	The Guardian recently featured the country as part of its Internet week.
20847	The Guardian reports that Donald Tusk, President of the European Council tweeted: “Sad process, surrealistic time, but at least more realistic announcement on Brexit.
20848	The guidance in these documents is advisory but where a decision-maker, such as a Tribunal, Enforcement Committee, or the FRC Executive Counsel, decides to depart from the guidance, it should explain its reasons for the departure.
20849	The guidance provides services with evidence on what works in perinatal mental health care, as well as case studies describing how areas are starting to make this a reality.
20850	The guide aims to supply small business owners with strategies for managing stress in the workplace and dealing with loneliness.
20851	The guide is designed to help you navigate your way around choosing the best financial adviser for your unique circumstances – and also to help keep them on their toes!
20852	The guide price or range of guide prices is given to assit consumers in deciding whether or not yo pursue a purchase.
20853	The Gunners did hold Chelsea to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge on September 17, but they haven’t earned all three points at one of the big-six since winning 2-0 at City on January 18 2015.
20854	The Gunners have recorded 4 consecutive victories over Villa.
20855	The guns, all known to one another through some degree of separation, hushed when headkeeper Jeremy Brown appeared as a silhouette in the doorway to ask that the draw be conducted.
20856	The hairdressing salon, memory room and a room to pursue hobbies and interests are all on hand for Residents’ convenience and enjoyment.
20857	The halterneck enhances the look too.
20858	The Hamptons store in Ludlow Lane will take on a fresh new look as part of the change.
20859	The hand dryers are also manufactured using low noise and low heat producing motors.
20860	The handling boxes include guidance notes on how to handle the objects and brief descriptions of each object.
20861	The hands and indexes are rhodium-plated.
20862	The Happy Metro Saturdays has been very encouraging as more passengers are aware of the dayLink and Smartlink card savings instead of paying cash fares.
20863	The harassment has led to an urgent appeal to the UN by the BBC.
20864	The harder you work at comedy, the easier you make it look.
20865	The Hare & Hounds is situated in the picturesque Staffordshire village of Stramshall.
20866	The Harley Gallery shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to goods delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond its reasonable control.
20867	The harrowing statistics about drugs, herion to be specific, in Leith at that time.
20868	The Hartlepool and Horden middleweight last only 54 seconds of his middleweight match with a ruthless Felix Cash at the York Hall in the capital's Eastend.
20869	The has all the details of the work undertaken by the organsation since acquiring the church in 1998 from the Church of Scotland General Trustees for £1 - not least raising the £250,000 necessary to repair and conserve the church.
20870	The Hawks have produced better rugby on the road this season and will be encouraged by the return of skipper, Jake Albon, to the second row.
20871	The Hawthorn Studio website collects visitor information through Google Analytics.
20872	The Head of Environment and Planning submitted a report (HEP/56/17) seeking approval of the response to the Welsh Government’s consultation on the implementation of Sustainable Drainage Systems () on new developments.
20873	The Head of Regeneration & Assets explained this depended on thewhich had been submittedto the Local Growth Fund through SELEP, Members were informed that they would be informed of the feedback from SELEP once received by the council.
20874	The Head of Service Development & Commissioning presented the report and highlighted the main points therein.
20875	The head of the society’s junior lawyers division said it was “disappointing” that Egan’s firm had not complied with the recommended annual minimum salary for trainee solicitors working outside of London, which is £18,547.
20876	The health and safety is constantly checked beings as you are working with food and walking through the kitchen.
20877	The Health and Safety (Young Persons) Regulations 1997 require that particular attention is paid to the safety of young people at work.
20878	The health service is Wales' largest employer - directly employing more than 70,000 people.
20879	The hearse and following vehicles are known as a ‘cortege.’
20880	The heat-treated 6061 aluminium frame has the same quality and durability as a full-size mountain bike and is as light as our engineers can make it, thanks to a curved and formed down tube specifically designed for kids.
20881	The helpline is free, 24/7 and confidential.
20882	The help of all members would be appreciated to leave the church facility in a better state than how we found it.
20883	The Heptonstall Pace Eggers look forward to welcoming you this year!
20884	The Herchel Smith Building on the Addenbrooke’s site.
20885	The HESA ITT return is an in-year statutory return submitted in October each year containing individualised data for students on a course of Initial Teacher Training (ITT) leading to Qualified Teacher Status (QTS).
20886	The hierarchical structure and countless integrated statistics features make sure that you are always on top of managing your web projects with b2evolution.
20887	The High Court said that was sufficient to grant an injunction.
20888	The higher the AER, the better the return.
20889	The highest number of calls made by a single patient nationally was recorded in London, where the ambulance service was contacted 3,594 times.
20890	The highest value Total Band Exposure Quotient was 1.58E-07.
20891	The Highland Council’s Paths around Foyers leaflet gives you more information.
20892	The highly-rated Simon Langton Grammar Schools, Barton Court Grammar School, St Anselm's Secondary School, St Christopher's Independent School and Pilgrims Way Primary School are all within 1 mile's walk of the property.
20893	The high-quality manufacture of wash cabinets and water pipework in stainless steel as well as commercially strengthened hoses ensure a long service life for the machines.
20894	The Highway Code also advises you to wear eye protection.
20895	The hillfort is quite different to Old Oswestry and raises the question of whether all hillforts were necessarily the same thing.
20896	The Hillingdon-born England player has also hit more boundaries (95) than anybody else in this campaign ( 77 fours and 18 sixes).
20897	The history at the the Royal Pump Rooms runs deep.
20898	The History Group holds monthly meetings, hosts an exhibition each year and also produces a calendar annually.
20899	The history of hygiene has been one of constant improvement and evolution, and much of this has come from understanding how vital it is for maintaining health.
20900	The history of nucleus B remains unknown.
20901	The HIV unit is carrying out pioneering research investigating candidate drugs for HIV Pre-exposure prophylaxis.
20902	The HMO database is available to view in the documents section below.
20903	The Holiday Adverts are Coming…
20904	The Holmfirth club are being featured live on Sky Sports free sports channel in Saturday’s National Conference Premier derby at Siddal.
20905	The Holy Father rightly describes the European Union as old, haggard and barren; without the Grace of God it will always be devoid of the wisdom, freshness and renewal which faith brings.
20906	The home has signed up with a non-profit charity set up in Cleveland Ohio who link homes across the world and provide pen pal systems.
20907	The home side added two further tries in the second half, the first after a quickly taken tap from a dubiously awarded penalty, the second, aided by some defensive frailties by the visitors, giving them maximum league points.
20908	The home side failed to produce the fightback that their Sussex rivals were expecting until Pat Harding reduced the arrears on 81 minutes.
20909	The Homfray Room was formerly the Master Bedroom of Samuel Homfray.
20910	The Honor 10 may be priced like a mid-level device but many of its components are drawn from higher up the scale.
20911	The horse chestnut seeds contain an aroma called triterpenoid that wards off pesky pests.
20912	The Hospices are a vital part of our community and their importance will only increase as we address the growing end of life care needs of the future."
20913	The hosts took a first half lead before the Vikings turned it around after the break to win 2-1 and climb a place in the table.
20914	The hotel bar, which is also frequented by locals, was cosy and friendly.
20915	The hotel boasts 310 spacious guest rooms which have been superbly equipped with air-conditioning, flat screen TV, direct dial phone and tea & coffee making facilities.
20916	The hotel brings together the efficiency of the 21st Century with huge comfort and the best in Scottish hospitality.
20917	The hotel has 15 supremely comfortable bedrooms together with equally well- appointed cottage suites in the grounds.
20918	The hotel has ample parking and is equipped with a modern gymnasium and sauna and the bedrooms decorated and furnished to the highest standard.
20919	The hotel has four rooms which are licensed to hold civil ceremonies, allowing you to spend your whole day in the lavish location.
20920	The hotel included a nights stay with parking and transfers to the airport on their own mini bus.
20921	The hotel is clean, modern and very spacious.
20922	The hotel offers a warm and friendly welcome and has an excellent restaurant and bar.
20923	The hotel offers free parking, free Wi-Fi and cooked breakfasts.
20924	The hotel was so welcoming and warm and our room luxurious with every modern convenience.
20925	The hotel was very very nice, clean, and the staff were friendly and helpful.
20926	The House competitions are run by students for students, with overall responsibility being given to the Head Boy of Sport.
20927	The house is filled with original furniture from the 1850s but decorated for a contemporary and fresh feel.
20928	The house is just minutes from local shops, a ten-minute walk to Reading Town Centre, The Oracle riverside shopping complex, and a five-minute walk to Caversham high street with its parks, cafes, boutiques, and Waitrose supermarket.
20929	The house is perfectly positioned to enjoy the natural beauty of the river and Rodney Gardens as well as Riverside and Kinnoull parks while also being on one of the arterial routes in and out of the city.
20930	The house is tastefully decorated and very comfortable.
20931	The House of Lords Select Committee on Charities has published its report on the charity sector in 2016-17, ‘Stronger Charities for a Stronger Society’.
20932	The house overlooked the seashore, where Edmond lived until aged 33. He became known as Martin Venables, the self-taught geologist, who was fascinated by the natural history of Sussex.
20933	The houses of Sommar Place in Milton Keynes, where the latest smart home technology comes fitted as standard, look remarkably normal.
20934	The house was developed by the company to set out to prove that it is possible to build affordable, sustainable homes that incorporate the latest thinking on energy efficiency, waste reduction and modern methods of construction.
20935	The housing complaints handlers network hopes to meet in January where it will have the opportunity to consider the complaints handling performance over the previous two quarters.
20936	The Housing Executive, the Department for Communities and the Northern Ireland Sustainable Energy Programme invested over £52 million in schemes to improve energy efficiency of Northern Ireland households last year.
20937	The hub is home to niche subjects and activities.
20938	The Hubs would mean that residents, particularly vulnerable or isolated people who might be unable to travel very far, would be able to access a wide range of services from a place that is local to them, all under one roof.
20939	The huge disparities in the levels of pay and pay rises at the top expose the arbitrary nature of senior pay and perks in our universities.”
20940	The huge seas nearly rose above the level of the West pier nearly sweeping away the salesmens offices.
20941	The Human Dignity Trust has won its appeal for charitable status and its registration as a charity…
20942	The human element should be reduced as much as possible.
20943	The human resource levels within the pilot area are at an improved position.
20944	The Humber’s position in the middle of the country speaks for itself, but the strength of ABP’s Humber ports can be said to go well beyond geography.
20945	The husband and wife - a 28-year-old man and 32-year-old woman – were held along with a 34-year-old man for questioning on suspicion of Modern Slavery offences, including forced labour and trafficking.
20946	The IAM is an independent road safety charity dedicated to raising driving standards, engaging with the road-using public and influencing road safety policy.
20947	"The ice skating at the arena has proved very successful and my brief is to encourage even more people to use what is a fantastic rink.
20948	The iconic blue plaque design has been the subject of regular experiment over the years.
20949	The icon of the associated tool (i.e. Assignments, Tests & Quizzes, etc.) sending the item to the gradebook.
20950	The ICSTIS Code of Practice sets out the regulations for the advertising and content of all premium rate services, live and recorded.
20951	“The idea is for us to get better information on all the players playing in county cricket,” said England's director of cricket Andrew Strauss.
20952	The ideal candidate to fulfil the role of Village Nurse Manager will: Hold a current Nursing pin Have excellent communication skills both written and verbal Have a clear and thorough knowledge of the CQC standards.
20953	The ideal Company Commercial candidate will be available from next week for at least 3 months.
20954	The ideal first buggy, suitable for children aged approximately 6-10 years old.
20955	The ideal solution to personal cleansing.
20956	The idea of the lettering was to bring some meaning and life into it.
20957	The idea that bound together this assortment of things was a look and style calculated to appeal to a young audience.
20958	The idea that, magically, the biggest suppliers will cave in to pressure and allow a permanent prices drop for customers is fantasy.
20959	The idea to dance in the museum grew from a simple idea: the conviction that people should be able to dance in beautiful spaces, inspired by their surroundings.
20960	“The idea was for the new extension to feel like part of the garden.
20961	The idea was laudable but the pedant in me recognised that whatever Karl Marx was, he certainly could not lay claim to being the first anti-capitalist.
20962	The IET Engineering Horizons Bursary scheme offers support to students and apprentices who have faced obstacles or personal challenges and need financial assistance to help them during their studies or Apprenticeship.
20963	The IFB will continue to share data with the NFIB on insurance fraud cases.
20964	The IFN-gamma profiles induced following vaccination were found not to correlate with protection, nor did the level of purified protein derivative (PPD)-specific proliferation.
20965	The IHR fully supports the University of London's Equal Opportunities Policy Statement and the School of Advanced Study's Policy on Students with Disabilities.
20966	The illusion that a visible police presence makes a blind bit of real difference will not be questioned as the cry goes up “Give us more drones!”
20967	The illusive world of branding can be confusing.
20968	The ILM Level 2 Award is a concise qualification designed to give learners a basic knowledge of the various roles, function and responsibilities of a team leader and the limits of their authority and accountability.
20969	The impact of human-technology cooperation and distributed cognition in forensic science: biasing effects of AFIS contextual information on human experts.
20970	The impact on Ballater was immense and sudden.
20971	The impact on our overseas customers and marketing effort will be greatly enhanced by our status as an award winner.
20972	“The impact that this will have on local people, I accept will be really, really difficult for some households to find that extra money.”
20973	The imperialist intervention has created millions of refugees.
20974	The implications of any breaches both from a financial perspective as well as damage to a hotelier’s reputation are serious.
20975	The importance of the Industrial Revolution cannot be under-estimated; it transformed the economic and social fabric of cultures whose economies had been hitherto based on farming for millennia, and led directly to the development of the modern world.
20976	The importance we place on our Lodge Managers is crucial as they are fundamental to the running and feel of our developments.
20977	The important thing is that if you are selected for a check, you don’t ignore the letter.
20978	“The important thing to remember, even if you have already made your will, is that you must keep it up-to-date”
20979	The imposing Notre-Dame Cathedral is the city's most famous landmark, and it would be easy to spend half a day exploring it.
20980	The improved crease depth makes folding the print straight along the crease much easier.
20981	The improvements to the waterfront will provide a strong link between the town and beach and, along with the new signage which has been popping up in Littlehampton, will help visitors navigate their way around the town centre.
20982	The improvements will deliver a varied and enriched play scape and will include five integrated play zones, Toddlers’ Play, Sand and Water Play, Cableways, Junior Play, and High Energy Play.
20983	The inadequate management of procedures have not only contributed to disasters such as Bhopal, Piper Alpha and Clapham Junction, but also to fatalities, personal injuries and ill health.
20984	The inaugural Blavatnik Awards Laureates and Finalists in the UK will be honoured at a gala dinner and ceremony at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London on 7th March, 2018.
20985	The incapacitated spider is either held captive in its own burrow or dragged to the wasp's nest.
20986	"The incident happened around 9.45pm at the junction of St Michael's Road and Little Coates Road on 27 October 2017.
20987	The incident happened near the junction of Brownhill Street and Buttars Terrace around 7pm on Tuesday.
20988	The incident happened on Saturday, February 3, at around 5.45am when an offender(s) entered the premises of Bliss Budget after smashing the glass at the front of the store.
20989	The Inclusive Stepping Pods can be installed at various heights for children to hop from one to another.
20990	The increased popularity of shared spaces has led to a rise in complaints from path users about the behaviour of other users.
20991	The increase of 300 Brookes places for nurses and surgical assistants, will be welcomed by staff and patients alike.
20992	The increase was largely due to higher numbers of pigs being raised for slaughter.
20993	The “independence in the EU” position is a radical departure from the anti-austerity Yes vote that inspired so many people to vote for a break from the status quo in the 2014 referendum.
20994	The Independent Automotive Aftermarket Federation (IAAF) has successfully hosted its first Industry Briefing of the year at sales–i in Solihull on Thursday 16th March.
20995	The Independent Orange Order (IOO) is one of the Loyal Orders.
20996	The India programme completed the second year of its five-year Strategic Plan during 2014/15, making 31 grants amounting to a total of £1,368,681.
20997	The individual will need to be centred and situated all the way back in the chair.
20998	The induction of incoming president Dave Gregory took place during the opening celebration.
20999	The industry provides jobs for thousands of people and supports domestic businesses and employment in the supply chain, with associated knock-on benefits for the national economy generated by tax revenues.
21000	The infamous "hill" was only about 100 metres and caused us no trouble.
21001	The infections that cause gastroenteritis can inflame the lining of your gut and stop it working as it should, causing diarrhoea and other symptoms.
21002	The information and any commentary contained on the is provided free of charge for information purposes only.
21003	The information and Reports provided on this site are generic and should be of general assistance to you in understanding and developing concepts around FinCap.
21004	The Information Governance Team has also been open to updating documentation within a financial year to ensure its accuracy, rather than waiting until an easier point in the year (i.e. after IGT submission).
21005	The information is collated and plotted onto a framework map of Great Britain.
21006	The information on this page is the responsibility of the Department of Materials Science and Metallurgy.
21007	The information provided is correct.
21008	The information they contain may include the abode of the people in the entries.
21009	The information we publish under this class Information published Description How to access it Financial statements, including annual accounts and quarterly budget statements.
21010	The initial outlay for real nappies can seem expensive but ‘Little Treasures’ offer up to £30 discount if you buy a birth to potty set with them.
21011	The initiative also led to a longer term impact on employers and young people’s perceptions of each other.
21012	The Inner and Middle Temple Gardens will be open on Tuesday 19th June, 2018 from 11am-3pm.
21013	The inner relief road built in the early years of the 21st century has meant the loss of listed buildings.
21014	The Inn is located just a few miles away from the vibrant seaside town of Blackpool for guests seeking a fun day out.
21015	The innocence of the mutual recriminations revealed how young the protagonists really were.
21016	The In Parenthesis project is exploring the themes of Human Nature, Culture, Freedom and Ethics through the work of a group of 20th-century women philosophers: Elizabeth Anscombe, Iris Murdoch, Philippa Foot and Mary Midgley.
21017	The Inquiry’s public hearings in the Cambridge House, Knowl View and Rochdale Investigation is taking place from 9 - 27 October, with a non sitting day on 26 October.
21018	The inside of the church is of historical interest as the pews can be turned around to make long, thin communion tables.
21019	The Insinkerator GN1100 kitchen tap features a shut off valve to halt water flow immediately.
21020	The inspection will assess you or your employee's competence to inspect, test and certify.
21021	The inspection will look at whether the premises are suitable for use as a boarding establishment, and the condition and suitability of the accommodation.
21022	The inspiration for the business came from my father Jeremy and I am thrilled to be located in the newly extended Enterprise Business Centre.
21023	The installation of our brand new Guardian Roof system will take a few days, depending on weather conditions.
21024	The installers were excellent in all aspects.
21025	The Institute’s teaching was graded excellent, the highest quality category, by a team of external assessors appointed by the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
21026	The institute wants to see the government employ a two-pronged strategy to keep Britain building into 2018.
21027	The institution achieved university status in 1992 under the provisions of the Further and Higher Education Act (1992).
21028	The instructions – on only the packing – advised checking across the tyre and the UK law.
21029	The insurance documents they hand to the driver who has ‘purchased’ a policy through them could be completely falsified.
21030	The insurance you need will depend on the individual risks your business faces.
21031	The insurer was therefore fully entitled not to accept liability for the daughter's operations.
21032	The intensity, the physicality, the defensive line speed - so often epitomised by Rory Scannell as a high-risk midfield shooter - were all key Munster traits that were marked by their.
21033	The Intensive Cuba cruise really gave me the time needed in Havana to see the many sights and get a feel for life in todays Cuba.
21034	The interdisciplinary option choices allow you to tailor your studies to your career plans.
21035	The interest rate at which leading banks lend to one another.
21036	The interest rate is the market price for money; market prices determine the allocation of resources.
21037	The interest rate will then reset to the five year mid-swap rate plus 6.731% if the bonds are not called.
21038	The interest rate you pay depends on the type of mortgage you choose.
21039	The interior of the Saab 340 has been completely stripped out and renewed to provide enhanced comfort.
21040	The intermediate/refresher courses develop these skills on a more challenging hedge as well as providing an opportunity to dust off old hedgelaying skills.
21041	The internal debate in the Syrian ruling class on this issue reflects the fear among sections of the ruling Ba'ath Party that once the process of liberalisation has begun they will be unable to control it from above.
21042	The International Institute for Golf Education (IIGE) operates a number of competitive teams.
21043	The international think-tank said that only two out of the 34 OECD countries pay poorer pensions than the UK, when measured as a ‘replacement rate’ – that is, when state pension incomes are compared to what people earned while they were working.
21044	"The Internet has enabled new ways of delivering powerful tools and TriActive's full-range, integrated solution brings enterprise-level capabilities to a previously underserved market," said Dr. Tony Thomas, chief architect at AdventNet.
21045	The intern will be responsible for providing policy teams with high quality monitoring and research support services.
21046	The interpretation centre provides background information and three-dimensional display of the building of the dam, the ecology of the area and the archaeological remains.
21047	The intervention included a system based inspection (SBI) of solid and gaseous radioactive waste systems to demonstrate compliance with the safety cases for these systems.
21048	The interview provides you with an opportunity to demonstrate your skills, knowledge and experience.
21049	The interview went well and then came the next step – the assessment centre.
21050	The intra-day tradability of ETFs can be attractive to some users and we all know the impact high management fees have on net performance so, where investors are struggling to find a suitable active manager, a low-cost ETF approach can be sensible.'
21051	The introduction of a new product, service or business idea is notoriously expensive, fraught and risky.
21052	The introduction of insecticide-treated bed nets (ITBN) during a randomized controlled trial on the Kenyan coast significantly reduced severe, life-threatening malaria and all-cause childhood mortality.
21053	The introduction of new crops, and the selection of crops for new uses such as ecosystem services is possible with better direction of the breeding.
21054	The introduction of the ‘national living wage’ is welcome but our analysis shows that at the same time, planned cuts to in-work tax credits in April 2016 are likely to affect 640,000 children in London.
21055	The investigation found no evidence of Mounsey committing contact abuse against any children.
21056	The investigation that’s best for you will depend on your general health, your symptoms and what your doctor thinks may be causing them.
21057	The investment in high quality uPVC windows often proves to be the most cost effective decision, as in the long run it will save you a significant amount of money on heating bills.
21058	The Investment Monitoring and ESG Working Group is a specialist forum of the Fund's Management Panel that considers these issues and provides a unique setting in which to challenge the asset managers' approaches.
21059	The involvement of CPS and court staff as witnesses involving driving documents should obviously be avoided wherever possible.
21060	The involvement of local craftmakers, designers, industry suppliers, tutors and retailers is key to growing the event, and in celebrating how important this industry is to Shetland's heritage.
21061	The iPad mini 4, on the other had is a couple of years old now.
21062	The iPhone app can be downloaded at https://itunes.
21063	The iPod became hugely successful despite the fact that there were already MP3 players around, nor was the iPhone wasn’t the first smartphone.
21064	Their agenda is very similar to ours when we set up two and a half years ago - add club colour to the ground, and provide vocal support.
21065	The Iranian regime has a human rights record which, put kindly, is indefensible.
21066	Their back nine improved but, by then, the damage was done and they had to be content with the prize for best score in qualifying.
21067	Their body is nicely proportioned and well defined with a deep brisket and strong rib cage.
21068	Their BrandVision™ framework integrates brand strategy, design and technology to improve stand-out, convert prospects into loyal customers, sharpen competitive edge, engage and unite employees and build brand value.
21069	Their clothing selection includes fleeces, skirts and trousers, as well as nightwear and T-shirts.
21070	Their combined social media reaches well over 10 million people and it reflects their growing confidence to shape and direct the narrative.
21071	Their contributions are projected to continue to increase because of climate change, but the future rate is uncertain.
21072	Their customers have benefitted from Group products like low-cost loans through our Financial Services company or discounted access to Places for People Leisure facilities.
21073	Their dream since 2005 had been to establish their own distillery in the Chatham area.
21074	Their enthusiasm, dedication and commitment to the garden has been brilliant.
21075	Their entry included a video showing the class retelling and acting out the story.
21076	Their estate agent will put your offer to the seller and the property becomes ‘Under offer’.
21077	Their fame grew with memorable performances at the Monterey Pop, Woodstock and Isle of Wight music festivals.
21078	Their feet are very cat-like, well padded, compact with nice feathering.
21079	Their first-half try came when Catalans were down to 12 men, with Sam Moa in the sin-bin for a shoulder charge on Myler who, like Walker, got straight back up, but other than that they didn’t apply any sustained pressure.
21080	Their home visits staff was equally great, especially Sarah, who could empathize with a Mum needs.
21081	Their idea to bring science to life with a bank of experiments, with built-in advice and guidance for parents, really impressed me.
21082	Their impact has been particularly felt in Niger and Libya and may also have bolstered jihadist groups operating in northern Nigeria and Tunisia.
21083	Their internal organelles are dotted all around the water that suspends the cell phone.
21084	The Irish Republican Army (IRA) opened fire on workers leaving the Mackies engineering works in west Belfast.
21085	Their job as junior safety officer is to tell everybody in school and the local community about how to stay safe on the road, and how to keep themselves and their property safe and secure.
21086	Their kit is designed by German sportswear brand Uhlsport and can be bought from KitBag.
21087	Their lifespan is dependent on factors such as fuel quality, driving style, use and oil consumption.
21088	Their main influence used to come from art and musical movements because those were the teenage forms of expression, but not anymore.
21089	Their most famous player is Enoch Balotelli, the brother of Mario.
21090	Their natural friendliness makes them great hosts.
21091	Their new analysis finds that eight out of ten of Yemen’s cholera deaths occur in rebel-controlled areas.
21092	Their office can also be contacted via the House of Commons switchboard on 020 7219 3000.
21093	The Ironbridge International Institute for Cultural Heritage is based at the University of Birmingham.
21094	Their participation in the government, even with just one minister, would symbolise the end of the idea of an “anti-austerity government of the Left”.
21095	Their partnership was invaluable and helped Spa, who were also boosted by Gary Cartwright’s 26, post a total of 231.
21096	Their plan for the next 12 months is to take assets over £100 million through continued focus on professional connections, client referrals, search engine optimisation, and targeted Google advertising.
21097	Their product was beef olives created using local silverside and a delicious stuffing to provide a generous and tasty value for money meal.
21098	Their return policies in the event that a product is faulty may also be a nightmare to navigate.
21099	The IRS can impose fines and penalties that can be significant depending on the severity of the failure.
21100	Their unusual colouring, caused by a rare genetic disorder, means albino hedgehogs sadly have little chance of survival in the wild as their conspicuous coats often prove attractive to predators such as foxes, badgers and dogs.
21101	Their worries will be different from yours, e.g. what will happen to the family pet?
21102	The “I say, you do” approach is dated and simply doesn’t work efficiently and effectively.
21103	The island and sand bar is known as one of Shetland's most famous beauty spots.
21104	The Island Bear is centrally situatuated in the small town of Bowmore with free parking available on the street outside.
21105	The island’s highest mountain, Attavyros, rises 1,215m above sea level.
21106	The island’s remote location brings other advantages, such as a fabulous get-away-from-it-all atmosphere.
21107	The Isle of Wight Donkey Sanctuary was chosen as Red Funnel's 2018 Charity of the Year following the public vote last December.
21108	The Israeli state, whatever one’s view of the rightness of its foundation, is today not only a fact on the ground (to use a phrase its politicians favour) but a sovereign political and legal entity.
21109	The issue clearly falls within the remit of the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA), but it is not currently the subject of direct investigation.
21110	The issue is not yet sufficiently reflected at the local level due to public funding cuts and a focus on other, apparently more immediate, priorities.
21111	The issue is usually underwritten which means that the underwriter agrees to buy any shares which remain unsold.
21112	The issue of ‘amateurism’ was central to this initiative.
21113	The iSTAR-D project, entitled ‘The contribution to sea level rise of the Amundsen Sea sector’, is concerned with quantifying the region’s contribution to sea level rise.
21114	The is unlikely to consider circumstances to be exceptional unless they are such that there is a risk of a capital resources requirement notification period is observed.
21115	THE ITINERARY Knowing the ship, the most important issue for us was the itinerary.
21116	The ITU World Triathlon Leeds 2018 will see top athletes line up at Roundhay Park on Sunday 10 June.
21117	The iZettle reader is a solid choice.
21118	The J15 girls quad comprising Millie Hilton, Chloe Reed, Natalie Bicknell and Freya Woodhall were also victorious with cox Jordan Beale supporting them all the way.
21119	The JCR also has a serious side and organises a team of Peer Supporters each year, who receive over 30 hours of training to help them listen to and support their fellow students.
21120	The JCR Committee represents the student body of the college.
21121	The John Gosden-trained Crossed Baton is now set for the stiffest assignment of his career to date, having been one of 15 horses to remain in the Group 2 Betfred Dante Stakes at yesterday’s latest entry stage.
21122	The John Lewis continental collection offers four door styles available in a large selection of finishes and colours with various handles to match.
21123	The joke was that the dream contrasted sharply with the harsh impact of an economy which had been hard hit by the loss of global markets in traditional industries.
21124	The journey from the city to Hexham takes just 30 minutes by car or 40 minutes by train, while the journey to Berwick-upon-Tweed takes one hour 15 minutes by car or just 45 minutes on the fast rail service.
21125	“The journey so far really has been an inspiration – not just the amount of support we have got from UWE Bristol as our main sponsor but also friends and family and the general public as well.
21126	The journey takes around 14 minutes.
21127	The Judgement is significant in determining whether arrangements made for the care and/or treatment of an individual lacking capacity to consent to those arrangements amount to a deprivation of liberty.
21128	The judge set a trial for January 14 2019 and confirmed the case would be heard by a High Court judge.
21129	The judges said ”a huge amount of thought and planning had gone into the design of this content to make it engaging and relevant for the audience and to address the topic sensitively for the audience.
21130	The judging process covered all aspects of the customer journey from enquiry and booking handling right through to the experience itself.
21131	The juice or pulp of strawberries contains malic acid which serves as an astringent and can lighten surface stains.”
21132	The junction remained unaltered until 18 January 1965 when British Railways (London Midland Region) closed the line between Oswestry and Ellesmere completely.
21133	The June ‘Making Skills Work’ briefing provides a snapshot of SDS work over the year for individuals and businesses in each local authority area.
21134	The jury returned a verdict of manslaughter.
21135	The Just for Stan committee, who are working alongside QPR in organising the match, told the club website: “We thought long and hard about ticket pricing for this fixture.
21136	The Kamballa Estate resident set-up the Kermit Newell Championship Cup (KNCC) in 2013 – named after his late father – so he could recruit an unofficial Jamaican team.
21137	The Kantorowich Library is situated on the ground floor of the Humanities building on Bridgford Street.
21138	The karaoke machine saw lots of action again, and there was even some dancing - a great evening for relaxing with the crew as we near the end of our trip.
21139	The KASK Protone is simply a beautiful helmet.
21140	The Kennel Club Dog Art Gallery houses the largest collection of dog paintings in Europe.
21141	The kernels are cold-pressed to produce the oil.
21142	The key factor in making this protest bigger was the solidarity felt by many ordinary people for the refugees and other migrants.
21143	The key is to enjoy the ride, and Stephens has done that, on and off the field.
21144	The key is to not be too intrusive with your popups; but instead, intuitive.
21145	The key point to remember is make any changes to diet gradually with kittens – whatever you feed – to avoid tummy upsets.
21146	The key reserves and balances had been reviewed and were considered prudent and appropriate at this stage in the financial year and within the current financial climate.
21147	“The key to success-
21148	The key to the company's success has been the provision of superior customer service by a close knit, professional team.
21149	The kids are loving it, and so am I!
21150	“The kids played some lovely stuff and the future looks bright.
21151	The Kimberley Quest II is able to cruise to the base of the twin falls for a refreshing 'shower,' Kimberley style!
21152	The kind of change that happens after you’ve been in a relationship for a while is natural.
21153	The kind of coverage that won’t transfer on to your clothes when you get dressed, or even – perish the thought – on other people when you greet them with an embrace.
21154	THE King and Queen appear to be living in a very retired manner at Brighton.
21155	The Kinora was an early motion picture device.
21156	The Kirking of the Council is a special church service held to dedicate councillors and officers to the service of the local community.
21157	The KIS reflects a growing recognition of the importance of providing authoritative, accessible information on higher education.
21158	The kitchen garden and Cider House garden are a riot of colour all year round, and the Elizabethan garden offers stunning views of the Abbey.
21159	The kitchen has been superbly extended to provide a breakfast and living area with full height windows and sliding doors giving superb views and great access into the garden.
21160	The kitchen has been tastefully renovated and is fairly recent, offering plenty of storage and worktop space.
21161	The KM Charity Team will retain 30 per cent of sponsorship to cover costs for the event.
21162	The Kurds resisted with very considerable help from the United States, and the fighting lasted for more than six months.
21163	The Kyle Hotel is situated in the small highland town of Kyle of Lochalsh which provides an ideal base to explore the stunning Isle of Skye.
21164	The Labour Party needs to return to the mass rallies we saw at the beginning of Corbyn’s ascendancy.
21165	The lab produces six-month research projects that end with a conference called Lab Base.
21166	The lack of clear thinking and action from government on issues like this is just appalling.
21167	The lack of tilt also means that the planet does not experience yearly seasons like Earth.
21168	The Ladies didn’t fare so well at Weston in their match last week, although the final scoreline of 4-0 to the hosts doesn’t tell the full story, as three of those results were only decided on the home hole.
21169	The land as described correlates to the eastern half of the Benbow House site and the western side of the Riverside House development, and south to the northern boundary of 20–22 New Globe Walk.
21170	The Landing’s brand new co-working space is designed to deliver the perfect environment for productive work.
21171	The land is south facing, in good heart and well fenced.
21172	The landlord has surveyed the building for the presence of asbestos and has shared the findings of this survey with all of the tenants.
21173	The landmark venues play host to all the live sporting action on giant state of the art screens, plus fun filled sports activities, top class music, entertainment and more - and all for FREE.
21174	The Land Reform Scotland Act 2003 requires each Local Authority to set up at least one Local Access Forum to advise it, any other person or body who asks for advice, on issues that arise in relation to the management of outdoor access.
21175	The Land Registry is a government department that keeps a record of all registered properties in England and Wales.
21176	The Lands of the Messiah, Mahoniet, and the Pope; as Visited in 1851.
21177	The large body of uncatalogued material held at Windsor contains more than 350,000 pages, of which only about 15 per cent have previously been published.
21178	The largest city in Nicaragua has plenty to offer the culture lover, and with car hire in Managua you can see all of the museums, churches and vistas that you like in your own time and at your own pace.
21179	The largest employers have already started automatic enrolment.
21180	The largest expense comes from the extensive amount of tile work that is needed, but your plumber can steer you towards options that are both affordable and practical.
21181	The largest is 36kW community-owned hydro electric scheme in Talybont-on-Usk which has been running since 2006.
21182	The larvae, called rat-tailed-maggots, live in organically rich and polluted ditches or the run-off from farmyard silage heaps and similar places.
21183	“The last 18 months have been good.
21184	The last recorded residence was William Edington, Bishop of Winchester in the 1360s but thereafter the castle seems to have fallen into ruin.
21185	The last scheduled performance will be A Pocketful of Magic at The Drama Centre in Pen y pound on February 11 and redundancy notices are scheduled to take effect the following day.
21186	The last section contains useful and practical advice on how to do research properly, discussing family reconstitution, research tools and archive sources those that are internet based.
21187	The last three words are crucial here of course, because while in local currency Europe is the biggest game in town at the moment, it is only working in hedged currency terms.
21188	The last time the British issued a "Bloody Nuisance" warning level was during the great fire of 1666.
21189	The last weather data was recorded in 1959!
21190	The latest accolade for the team follows on from their achievement of four Considerate Constructors Scheme national site awards for the Bristol refurbishment project.
21191	The latest additions to our advanced Ingenium engine range are the 240hp Diesel, 240hp Petrol and the high powered 290hp Petrol engine.
21192	The latest advice from the DCSF, based on current scientific opinion, is that closing individual settings is of limited benefit in stopping the spread of the disease.
21193	The latest barney erupted when model Lily Cole was invited to become a ‘creative part- ner’ in an exhibition marking Emily Brontë’s bicentenary this year.
21194	The latest boost to Ealing's popularity is the long anticipated coming of Crossrail.
21195	The latest catalogue will be available for visitors to browse the wide range of products, all at great prices.
21196	The latest example of a “scam” to cross my desk is in relation to a letter being issued to taxpayers which indicates that they are required to provide details of their VAT registration number for the “UK Corporate Portal 2015”.
21197	The latest exhibition at Bushey Museum and Art Gallery has given one local visitor a surprise – a beautiful painting of a beloved aunt.
21198	The latest GDP preliminary estimate shows that the UK economy grew by 0.5% in Quarter 3 2016, slightly slower than the 0.7% estimate for Quarter 2 2016.
21199	The latest generation is a luxurious SUV and does an impressive job of cushioning bumpy roads.
21200	The latest generation of pet owners have grown up with the internet and it’s the …
21201	The latest instalment in our 2017 Cision webinar calendar – ‘How to hire the right talent as you grow your business’ is now available to watch again.
21202	The latest statistics indicate that about 11.5 per cent of Mozambicans between the ages of 15 and 49 are HIV-positive.
21203	The latest version of Greater Manchester’s contentious spatial framework won’t be unveiled until July, it has been confirmed, pushing back its timetable by a month.
21204	The latter form is used here for consistency with road names of which there are many.
21205	The latter is a highly sensitive, quantitative blood test.
21206	The latter is less known and a bit quieter but just as lovely.
21207	The latter is respected by a much smaller ditch forming the southern boundary of the Middle Iron Age system.
21208	The latter would taste wonderful if preceded by a delicately spiced Thai coconut, vegetable and noodle soup, finished with coriander leaves.
21209	The law derived from the full Welsh Government Bill was introduced in the Welsh Assembly on 7 March 2018, but the Welsh Government are clear this is not their preferred option.
21210	The law firm also wants to attract a new audience to disability sport, and are looking for people who aren’t currently involved to pledge to Be Part Of It, in whatever way they can.
21211	The lawn grew back and within two months there was no visible evidence of the ground works.
21212	The law protects designated sites because of their distinctive plants, animals, habitats, geology or landforms.
21213	The law requires that each premises and each person engaged in acupuncture, skin piercing, tattooing and electrolysis must be registered separately with the authority.
21214	The law requires that food businesses must make sure that any staff who handle food are supervised and instructed and/or trained in food hygiene in a way which is appropriate for the work they do.
21215	The Law Society diversity profile shows how the proportion of BAME solicitors closely follows diversity in society.
21216	The Law Society’s updated CON29 and CON29O forms went live this week.
21217	The layout look great though!
21218	The leading articles of the Daily Papers present rather more variety this week than the last.
21219	The Lead Member introduced the report referring Members to the key points within it.
21220	The lead name on the booking must give us notice to change.
21221	The lead was extended in the 70th minute when Francis ended a surging run from the half way line with a clinical finish, curling the ball round Reynolds in the Ely goal after racing past Brown into the area.
21222	The leaflet offers advice and suggestions to enable parents to start their life together in the right way to help their child become confident, happy and healthy.
21223	The League 2 title race is shaping up to be a keenly contested one this season and Peterhead manager is delighted.
21224	The LEA is required to determine whether the provision of transport for pupils of statutory school age is necessary to facilitate the attendance at a designated school.
21225	The learning activities aim to provide a flexible framework to encourage your development as a confident, research-informed and critically-reflective practitioner.
21226	The learning atmosphere and the quality of the engineering department were the most significant reasons in choosing Strathclyde.
21227	The Leasehold Advisory Service is an independent, government backed organisation that can provide further information on lease extensions and other matters.
21228	The least densely populated English region, the South West, has on average 50% more people per square kilometre than Wales.
21229	The leather-covered D-cut steering wheel, on-trend colour inserts and details like contrasting stitching on the steering wheel and seats further add to the unique personality of the Kia Stonic.
21230	The Leeds 10k attracted around 10,000 runners in 2017 and is set to be just as popular in 2018.
21231	The left must demonstrate a clear willingness to campaign and mobilise the ranks of the union to fight on such decisive issues.
21232	The legal challenges contained within the POA 28-day notices issued to the employer are designed to make a significant difference in workplace safety.
21233	The legal market has been ‘shaken up’ over the past few years and we continue to look for legal staff who want to ‘
21234	The legendary Passat is available now at VW Silverlink!
21235	The lender will consider licensed HMO properties in Scotland, but not elsewhere.
21236	The length of a train delay is counted from when you REACH your destination, not when you left your origin.
21237	The lens here lets in twice as much light as a standard front camera, meaning your photos will look better even in lower light conditions.
21238	The Lerwick Ladies Lifeboat Guild’s annual coffee morning attracted 400 people on Saturday (19 March) and raised £3000 for the RNLI.
21239	The lesson here is that if we want people to recognise the importance of voting, we have to make it less distant and abstract and more directly relevant to their lives.
21240	The lessons take place at Roke and Berrick Salome Village Hall.
21241	The lesson uses dry ice to demonstrate the states of matter and how transitions occur between them.
21242	The letter contained a number of allegations, some of which related to Mr Staley.
21243	The letter described four rabbits – Flopsy, Mopsy, Cottontail and Peter, and their mother.
21244	The letter gave lack of profit from the post office as the reason for the closure.
21245	The letter must be dated and you should keep a copy.
21246	The level of a child’s learning and development by the time they reach just 22 months is a good indicator of where their education and social mobility will be by their mid-20s.
21247	The ‘level’ of a module within these stages is designated by the first number in the module code; you will find that your work becomes more specialized as it becomes more advanced.
21248	The level of fees set by the minister restricted the access to justice.
21249	The level of return is affected by inflation and the price at which you bought the gilts – the more you pay, the lower the return on your investment.
21250	The level of service is exactly the same no matter which branch you contact for lawn treatments.
21251	The levels are 4, 5 and 6 for a bachelor’s degree and reflect the levels listed in the framework for higher education qualifications.
21252	The levels at which global content will be allowed in such food and drink products will be set during negotiations to determine our future trading relationship with the EU.
21253	The Leverhulme Trust invites UK universities to bid for funding to establish a Leverhulme Research Centre.
21254	The Lewes to Uckfield line was closed on 4th May 1969, but could potentially open up a new route from the South Coast through Uckfield to London.
21255	The LGA has developed its thinking on workforce consultancy around five strategic themes.
21256	The LGA’s polling on resident satisfaction with councils is a triannual telephone survey of 1,000 British adults across Great Britain.
21257	The library also has an electronic bibliography for psychology called PsycInfo, which can be accessed via th 10e0 e internet from your home.
21258	The Library, CIS and Community Centre are all scheduled to re-open in the new Blackburn Partnership Centre on Wednesday 6 June.
21259	The Library showcases material from its collections through a series of themed online exhibitions, linking to anniversaries or current topics of interest.
21260	The library will be located in the Sure Start room, this will be open and available to be used by all for at least 12 hours per week.
21261	The licence fee applies to anyone watching or recording TV programmes as they are shown on TV, or watching or downloading BBC programmes via iPlayer.
21262	The licensing officer clarified that the premises had authorisation for four tables and 8 chairs outside the premises which were to be cleared at 11pm.
21263	The life I lead now is drastically different to six years ago.
21264	The lifestyle examples we're set by our parents during childhood can still hold a huge influence over our own health and wellbeing in later life.
21265	The lightweight tiles are available in a range of attractive colours including black and terracotta.
21266	The lime produced at Waterlip was even said to have been used at Shepton Prison for the burial of hanged murderers!
21267	The limit was set by the creator of Bitcoin.
21268	The Limpopo railway line, which links Maputo to Zimbabwe, re-opened to traffic on 22 February after a four day interruption caused by a derailment in Magude district, about 146 kilometres north of Maputo.
21269	The line lingered on for goods services until 1968 although the goods service was withdrawn from Hindley South on 7.4.
21270	The line-up for the event, which takes place at Southampton Common, features Lily Allen, James, Sparks and All Saints on Saturday, May 26, and The Jacksons, New Power Generation, Boney M. and Snap! on Sunday, May 27.
21271	The link is initiated automatically from AutoTrack and thereafter the two programs talk seamlessly to each other ensuring that, whichever program is in use, the data is synchronised with the other program.
21272	The link to basic pay has significantly impacted the bonus figures, as will the fact that the bonus is pro-rated for part time workers.
21273	The Lions’ 2-2 draw at Ipswich means they stay a point off sixth with six Championship games left this season.
21274	The LiP Service tries to explain the loss of Legal Aid and general access to justice; which has led to many people not understanding the legal justice process and reluctant to access it alone.
21275	The list below outlines a variety of opportunities for external funding from charities, organisations, governments and businesses.
21276	The list does not approve schemes, rather it only details those that have been self-assessed as compliant.
21277	The list of hotkey commands as seen in the right of the screenshot is found on, https://goo.
21278	The lists give a focus to the week and our peak concentration tends to be between 9-11am so that's the time to tackle the big-ticket items rather than working through simple five-minute tasks.
21279	The literary quality of the broadsheets was patchy, the editors finding it harder to get first-class writing to publish than they had anticipated.
21280	The lithium amide-lithium hydride system is unusual in that it shows easily reversible hydrogen storage in the solid state under relatively mild conditions.
21281	The little quadcopter drone features a 0.3MP built-in camera and a 4 channel gyroscope and comes with a 2GB MicroSD card, memory card reader, USB…
21282	The living accommodation comprises 5 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, with a tremendous potential for enhancement.
21283	The living and dining area has a log burner and french style doors opening to the enclosed courtyard style garden.
21284	The living room has comfortable sofas positioned around a wood-burning stove, for which all logs are provided.
21285	The Llys Ednyfed Residents’ Association in Morchdre have secured a £1,108 Awards for All grant from the BIG Lottery Fund.
21286	The local authority also has other legal powers to deal with an infestation in your home.
21287	The local authority has said, on Wednesday, work will start on the A986 between the Dounby 30mph signs, moving on to the Back Road in Dounby, between the A986 and Vetquoy Road, the following day, Thursday, weather permitting.
21288	The local committee considered a report from the Corporate Director – Environment & Community Services, which presented the Highways Devolved Budget Finance report combined with the Highways Programme Progress report.
21289	The local community, amenities and schools can not support this increase in population nor do we want to.
21290	The Local Development Framework Proposals Map is available in two parts:-
21291	The Local Government Association (LGA) reported that only 5% of scams are reported as victims feel embarrassed.
21292	The Localism Act has given local councils more power over planning for waste management.
21293	The locally-promoted Elsenham & Thaxted Light Railway was intended to relieve agricultural distress and to be extended to Great Bardfield, over ten miles from Elsenham.
21294	The local man was shot in the thigh but despite the 'severe wound', he continued to fight on and was awarded the Military Cross.
21295	The Local Picture Competition invites residents to send in photographs of their hometown demonstrating why it's a great place to live.
21296	The Local Plan is a strategy for delivering growth for Cotswold District up to 2031.
21297	The local shops are within walking distance and include mini supermarkets, a post office, bakery, hairdresser, butcher and a cafe.
21298	The location allows good access (and public transport) into York city centre and further afield via the A1237 ring road.
21299	The location is absolutely perfect and I can't recommend this place highly enough.
21300	The location provides an amazing backdrop from the top of Frodsham hill overlooking the Mersey estuary and Welsh hills’.
21301	The location was absolutely key in our decision to buy.
21302	The lock has an anti-dust keyway shutter to protect the mechanism from everday dust, dirt and grime.
21303	The locomotive seen above is still Westinghouse fitted so assuming it is indeed No.7345 the photograph will date from no later than February 1930.
21304	The lodge is set amongst 27 acres of peaceful grassed parkland, just one mile from St Merryn and three miles from Padstow, on the beautiful North Cornwall coast.
21305	The London and Blackwall Railway open the first railway terminus in the City of London at Fenchurch Street.
21306	The London Cycle Guides illustrate the local routes in London.
21307	The long weekend followed by a short week brings joy to millions and the fact the south east bathed in glorious sunshine made it even better.
21308	The Loose Women ladies love talking about controversial and sometimes awkward subjects – it’s what they do best!
21309	The lord mayor and citizens were required to contribute 20,000. but this on deliberation being thought too exorbitant, they advanced only half the sum, which was raised by the several companies.
21310	The Lord Provost occupied the chair.
21311	The ‘losers’ are the consumers who aren’t engaged, who might not have broadband internet and some of whom don’t even have a bank account.
21312	The losses for Harrovians in the First World War totalled 642.
21313	The Louise Arbour studentships provide the successful applicant with a fee waiver equivalent to up to 100% of the full-time or part-time tuition fee, depending on the applicants' individual financial circumstances.
21314	The lounge/dining room faces a large picture window with patio doors leading to a decked area.
21315	The lounge has a log fire and drinks are available from the conservatory bar.
21316	The lovely award winning village of Beddgelert is just two miles away and arguably Snowdonia's loveliest mountain village.
21317	The lower element is finished with an elastic apron which has a plastic mat glued to the underside thus allowing the flashing to adhere to the roof covering for a neat fit.
21318	The low ropes course is set in the woodland environment at the Ukrainian Centre at Weston-on-Trent.
21319	The LSRC holds an Overtask representation comprising the main network nodes to facilitate the release of applications and to evaluate the systems engineering performance.
21320	The lucky ones manage to salvage a few possessions but most can only stand and remember what their homes once looked like.
21321	The Lucy Cavendish Alumnae Association have also recently set up our own social media accounts, so don't forget to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram (Lucy Cavendish Alum Association).
21322	The LYR also routed much of its holiday traffic through Baxenden.
21323	The Lyric Theatre was in a very dilapidated state of repair and the Department allocated up to £9.5 million to redevelop the theatre on its existing site in Ridgeway Street.
21324	The //M70 was rated at up to 300,000 32K IOPS, less than 1ms average latency, and 9GB/sec bandwidth.
21325	The magazine is the glue that binds it all together; it publicises and promotes the challenge and covers it extensively.
21326	The magazine said that, in any case, this did not represent a significant detail; the allegation was that the complainant had been dishonest about his personal life.
21327	The magazine, which is sold on the streets by those affected by poverty, now circulates 83,073 copies every week, according to the latest ABC figures for 2017.
21328	The magazine will be sold for £2 with the aim to achieving the largest selling magazine within the parenting sector in the UK, before rolling out the proposition globally to some of the 49 countries Mothercare currently operates within.
21329	The Magic is Closer than you think.
21330	The magnitude of the responsibility of composition weighs upon Muhly.
21331	The maiden flight of a new non-stop regular service between Australia and the UK has arrived at London Heathrow.
21332	The main aim of the scheme is to skill-up a small number of pupils in each school that is taking part on key online safety issues (supported by a member of staff).
21333	The main boulevard – car-free, like everywhere else on the island – curls around the bay, and the little side roads climb up the hillside to give terrific views of the coastline.
21334	The main entrance is at the front of the building and is approached by three steps with a central handrail and a ramp for wheelchair users through automatic doors.
21335	The main equipment showroom has various pieces of Life Fitness, Vision Fitness, Star Trac, Spirit Fitness, Fuel Fitness and Horizon Fitness.
21336	The main features are the grounds, which comprise paddock areas, south facing formal gardens, ample parking and a significant number of outbuildings and garaging.
21337	The main focus of the position will be to handle all inbound correspondence and ensure the majority of customer enquiries are resolved in the first instance.
21338	The main purpose of the position is to deal with incoming sales calls, process sales orders and enquiries.
21339	The main railway line from Edinburgh via Perth to Inverness has stations in the Cairngorm area at Dalwhinnie, Newtonmore, Kingussie, Aviemore and Carrbridge.
21340	The main reason we picked Progressive was because they were offering products that best suited our needs as first-time buyers and that’s so important when you’re starting out and about to hand over years worth of savings!
21341	The main sitting room offers views across the open green to the front of the property.
21342	The main theme was how we can work together across sectors to make a difference to people’s lives.
21343	The majority of applications are from candidates of high academic calibre.
21344	The majority of guidance in relation to establishing whether an object or structure is curtilage listed comes from Case Law and can be complicated.
21345	The majority of our annual £9 million running costs must be raised from the local community, and we simply could not continue to provide all of our services if we did not receive wonderful support like this each year.
21346	The majority of our Roman, Anglian and Anglo Scandinavian (Saxon and Viking), and Medieval objects come from York and Yorkshire.
21347	The majority of our seating is at 5ft 6in round tables which seat 8 or 10, we have a few 5ft & 6ft tables which can seat 6 or 12. We have a 2 foot square table for the cake table.
21348	The majority of supplies (70 per cent) come from groundwater, underground rocks which act like a sponge and store water until it is pumped to the surface.
21349	The majority of units are let on an all-inclusive flexible lease basis producing an annual income of £675,000.
21350	The majority sit somewhere between, pushed and pulled by these factions.
21351	The majority were homeowners with mortgages.
21352	The major source of carbon monoxide is motor vehicle emissions, which nationally account for 97% of emissions.
21353	The makes them more likely to split open, and a hernia to occur.
21354	The Malpas Hotel offers beautiful wedding locations for the most memorable day of your life.
21355	The Maltings, Newport Road, Llantarnam, Newport NP44 Designed around the dynamics of modern family living, The Shaftesbury is the epitome of our prized Heritage Collection.
21356	The management group of Unit-e have now registered it as a CIO (Charity Incorporated Organisation).
21357	The manager was prepared to spend time with us explaining the coding associated with tyres and to list the possibilities for our car.
21358	The man behind Dave TV’s hit show Modern Life Is Goodish as well as Are You Dave Gorman? and Googlewhack Adventure, is back on the road and stopping in Andover.
21359	The Mansion House team ensured that we were welcome and made to feel special.
21360	The manufacturer is a good source for any questions or concerns you might have about choosing a baby pram.
21361	The manuscript must be double-spaced, with ample margins, and bear the title of the contribution.
21362	The man who came is a credit to the company.
21363	The Man Who Never Came?
21364	The maps currently represent more than 94% of the euchromatic (gene-containing) regions of these chromosomes in 176 contigs, and contain 96% of the chromosome-specific markers in the human gene map.
21365	The marathon: 26.2 bucket-list miles, a painful denouement and no trifling accomplishment.
21366	The Maritime Expert Panel is made up of a variety of industry experts.
21367	The marker had expressed his opinion that a green bowl was shot, Brett, who agreed with the marker, attacked the head and missed, and Burnett, who had another bowl to play, claimed the shot and ‘declared’ the end.
21368	The marketing and use of PFOS and PFOS-related substances is now banned in the European Union.
21369	The mark is placed over the first article and not repeated in any other article where the clerk is the same.
21370	The marks of a quality SEO strategy are hidden elements and quantifiable results.
21371	The masseuses of the luxury spa hotels stretch and loosen the body and apply pressure to key points of the body.
21372	The master bedroom has a dressing room and en‐suite shower room.
21373	The Master is a stepping stone for high-potential HR managers wishing to take their career development to a strategic level, setting new challenges to fully exploit participants’ potential.
21374	The Master of Finance is open to graduates of any discipline, so long as they can show a willingness to reach the necessary level of maths and statistics.
21375	The mastiff-type dogs inherited from the Romans, mixed with some sheepdog blood, lead to the creation of the Rottweiler.
21376	The match will be played at Ramsbottom United’s Harry Williams Riverside Stadium on Tuesday, January 21, kick-off 7.30pm.
21377	The material cost for the additional labelling was estimated as a fraction of a penny (0.003 to 0.108p per label).
21378	The matter was resolved when the newspaper agreed to amend the headline of the online article to read ‘Daily pill may help asthma suffers'.
21379	The maximum loan amount that is available to borrow is £30,000 and the amount homeowners will have to repay is based on the value of the property.
21380	The maximum temperature was 16.6 degrees C on the 24th, while the lowest air temperature was -2.9 C on the 16th.
21381	The maximum word limit per entry submission is 1,500 words.
21382	The Maxxis ACU British Motocross Championship on Sunday and the St Blazey Premier MX on Monday will continue to run as part of the British Motocross Festival.
21383	The May Festival will burst into life today (Friday May 27) with the launch of a packed programme of events and family fun that will run across the weekend.
21384	The Mayfly music and arts pop-up festival features acoustic music and poetry.
21385	The Mayor of London is offering £1.1m to the winners of the 2019 and 2020 competitions to spend on culture.
21386	The Mayor of the Royal Borough of Greenwich for 2017 to 2018 is Councillor Peter Brooks.
21387	The Mayor reported that on Monday 13 November, Bootle Town Hall hosted a Tea Dance that was organised by Sefton OPERA.
21388	The Mayor's Chaplain occasionally accompanies the Mayor to functions when appropriate.
21389	The MCR Committee exists to uphold the MCR constitution.
21390	The mean autumn temperature was approximately 10.46 C, which is nearly 1.1 C warmer than the long-term (1796-2010) average autumn temperature at Armagh and 0.33 C warmer than the most recent (1981-2010) 30-year average.
21391	The means by which the manufacturing sector achieved its recovery of profitability were typically destructive.
21392	The medals were presented by Sally Holmes, the local representative of NODA, an umbrella body for the UK’s amateur theatre groups.
21393	The media account of 1968 as “the year of the students” has ignored all this and presented what happened as a “clash of generations” based on a sudden fad for long hair, drug-taking and Che Guevara posters.
21394	The media are invited to attend the open day between 11am to 3pm on Sunday 2nd April 2017 at Reading Old Cemetery.
21395	The mediator’s job will then be to go between the parties rooms on the day of mediation and try to make parties seek the positives and negatives in their side of the dispute, as they do this they try to inch the parties into a settlement.
21396	The medical bills for the immediate treatment can be significant.
21397	The medical cause of death was given as incised wounds to the neck, following a post-mortem examination by Dr Ginni Fitzpatrick-Swallow.
21398	The medical history form will ask you for any medical conditions or symptoms you or your dependants have had in the last seven years.
21399	The medics sometimes shared detailed descriptions of their poison trials in printed publications or private correspondence, much as they shared case histories of ill patients.
21400	The Mediterranean collection, to the north of the glasshouses, includes a wide range of plants whose natural habit is dry soil.
21401	The meeting was very relaxed and I felt no pressure to commit.
21402	The meltingly tender chunks of lamb have a perfect partner in the puree, which has an extraordinary texture and an ingredient I can’t quite fathom.
21403	The membership meet at least once a year at the AGM to receive/approve accounts and elect a committee which meets on a more regular basis.
21404	The Memorandum of Association of SEMA was a non-profit making company limited by guarantee “to promote, further and maintain the cooperation of producer engineers and manufactures of the Sussex area”.
21405	The memorial on Bury Road near Mellor Street was inspected by Enforcement Officers and was sensitively tidied up.
21406	The memorials are recognised for their historic and architectural importance and have been listed by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport on the advice of Historic England.
21407	The men have also secured their place in the World Series, having reached the quarter-finals at the Singapore Sevens, in what was a significant step in the right direction.
21408	The men’s equivalent, the Grumball award, went to Oliver Kerry.
21409	The menu seems rather short, too: I suspect things will perk up once the dining room finally opens.
21410	The Mercedes SLC roadster offers slick detailing, some incredible technology and distinctive styling.
21411	The Merchant of Venice is a classic comedy filled with romance, laughter and the odd tear.
21412	The Mercure Hull Grange Park Hotel has been awarded the REMARKABLE Business Tourism Award in the Remarkable East Yorkshire Tourism Awards 2018.
21413	The Mercury archives have a host of photos of the likes of Gordon Banks, Peter Shilton, Keith Weller, Frank Worthington, Alan Birchenall, Gary Lineker, Alan Smith and all the modern players who have honed their skills at Belvoir Drive.
21414	The mere existence of Thomas was clearly enough for the 'Democrat' to judge him as an alarming challenge to the set-up.
21415	The merits of decisions taken by the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission acting within its legal powers.
21416	The Met has been forced to make £600million of savings since 2010 with £400m more to come by 2021.
21417	The method on the front end takes more time.
21418	The method used is to extract the protein from crumbs of eraser, which is commonly used by conservators in cleaning.
21419	The Met Police has a full-time protection team and senior royalty have officers assigned to them for their personal security.
21420	​The Metropolitan Police are providing recordings of encounters which are being transcribed and will be analysed using conversation analysis.
21421	The MHF's Man MOT service offering text chat to a GP and lots of other information began in spring 2014 in Haringey.
21422	The MHRA will need to develop its own drug approval processes in areas such as orphan drugs.
21423	The microwave link remains active.
21424	The Middy also approached management at the Market Place Shopping Centre.
21425	The mid-range is a no man's land in the tablet world.
21426	The Migration Observatory has been conducting analysis of coverage of migration as it has appeared in Britain’s national newspapers.
21427	The mild temperatures provided incentive for a late surge in moth trapping.
21428	The mileage recorded on any vehicle may still be under investigation.
21429	The Mill Road traders have recently had a tough couple of years but it must be possible to improve the way deliveries are currently handled.
21430	The mine has the additional benefit of being only fifty kilometres away from the port of Pemba.
21431	The mine owners did not permit the opening of an inn at the settlement.
21432	The mineralisation usually comprises epigenetic fracture fillings of baryte with, in some places, minor chalcopyrite or malachite.
21433	The miners are warned to exit if the gas kills the canary.
21434	The minimum is currently 5 per cent of their qualifying earnings.
21435	The Minister continued: Armagh Planetarium has established a world-wide reputation for innovation, such as using video as an integral part of its presentations and involving the audience through interactive facilities.
21436	The Minister has been fond of quoting literature in our discussions so far, both on Second Reading and in Committee.
21437	The Minister has explained the purpose of the stand-alone GPS monitoring system, and we do not object to it.
21438	The Minister is right to talk about the importance of democratic legitimacy.
21439	The Minister mentioned the mystical £8 billion, but that is promised for 2020.
21440	The minister’s consent is needed for works on common land.
21441	The Miracle - A review of Warner Brothers Cinema by Henrietta Netta Yes, i agree with the others that the Miracle should be put back on the screen.
21442	The mission of Ulster’s School of Education is to empower its students, staff and associates to achieve excellence in the pedagogy and practice of education and in related areas of social science and research.
21443	The Mix spoke to the Alzheimer’s Society to find out how.
21444	The mixture of aluminium and steel has required Lexus to use adhesive bonds and self-piercing rivets to ensure no electrolytic corrosion takes place.
21445	The MMF is an association of mobile phone manufacturers, representing 80% of the handset market and a majority of the global network providers.
21446	The MMO is undertaking a project to make marine plans more useable, accessible and interactive.
21447	The Moat House’s Home Manager makes sure that all Residents receive the kindest possible care.
21448	The mobile library will stop on Lowehouse Lane, near to the former library building.
21449	The mobile phone is an astonishing example of the power of the internet of things.
21450	The mobile version of the Standard also showed strength in March, growing 13% month on month and 33% year on year.
21451	The model we test drove had optional extras of the Chili pack and also the media pack.
21452	The ‘modern’ mile was standardised in 1593 as eight furlongs, or 5,280 feet.
21453	The modern style continues into the rooms and suites that are set throughout the resort.
21454	The modules offered on the Nursing Studies course provide an opportunity to strengthen your CV in a number of ways.
21455	The module will draw substantially on convenor’s own research, but it will also be situated within a larger pool of relevant world-wide literature.
21456	The moggy, named Amber by the charity, is microchipped but the owner’s details are out of date so they cannot be contacted.
21457	The moment has arrived for the hon.
21458	The moment you do, your listing will separate from all your rivals.
21459	The moment you set foot on the terrain of this country you will soon see why.
21460	“The money can be used to supplement insurance company's reinstatement cost, thereby, encouraging resilient reinstatement and insurers are also encouraged to recognise these measures when re-assessing premiums and excesses.”
21461	The money exchanged will be in Guineas to keep in sync with the traditional Tattersalls sales which take place in in town.
21462	“The money Motorpoint hopes to raise will go a long way to making a huge difference to the lives of our brave children and their families ”
21463	The money was supposedly diverted via the Logistics and Finance Directorate in the General Command of the police.
21464	The Montefiore Hospital also has a Fluoroscopy suite which takes real time moving x-ray images for Barium swallows and meals and other specialised procedures.
21465	The month of fasting and abstaining from food and water (yes water) from sunrise to sunset is here.
21466	The Moors centre at Danby is just three miles away and a newly opened Cycle Hub is about a mile away where a range of bikes, mountain, road and electric can be hired.
21467	The more accurate a view the government has of the cancer services provided to ordinary people, the better placed they will be to improve them so please do have a look at the document.
21468	The more clues you solve, the better the prize… but, whatever size the prize, everyone will leave with a bag of delicious Belgian chocolate to take home and enjoy.
21469	The more lively Inverness is close by.
21470	The more people that know about Ben, the more people we can help when life throws them off course.
21471	The more weight the car carries, the more fuel it uses.
21472	"The more we talk to people about the opportunity and the acceleration that we can see from working in this way, the more people are getting excited about the prospect.”
21473	The morning ended with the audience joining the whole company for a rendition of Greensleeves.
21474	The mortgage advisors I go against in Southampton leave after 3 months and the branchs have 1 member of EA.
21475	The most common reason for divorce is for “unreasonable behaviour” – one of the five ‘facts’ for grounds for divorce.
21476	The most familiar use of this chemical is that of opposite sexes trying to attract one another.
21477	The most important factor, however, was smoking: it alone accounted for about half of the associations of heart disease with education and deprivation.’
21478	The most important factor is that you do speak to someone in order to keep a healthy mind-set.
21479	The most important phrase in HMRC’s definition of R&D for this form of tax relief, is as follows: “The advance in science and technology must involve resolution of a scientific or technological uncertainty”
21480	The most infamous catchphrase during my first term here was “the long-term economic plan”.
21481	The 'Most Innovative IT System/App Award' celebrates systems and apps that improve services and help overcome specific issues.
21482	The most loveable dog in the world and we swear he's not a dog - more like human!
21483	The most meaningful conversations happen over the best meals.
21484	“…The most overwhelming feeling of guilt came over me, it has stayed with me ever since.”
21485	The most prominent became his leading patron, Cardinal Pietro Ottoboni (1667-1740), the great nephew of Pope Alexander VII and a leading light of the Academy of Arcadia, an organisation devoted to the reform of painting, theatre, poetry and music.
21486	The Most Rev Bishop Michael Curry, the 27th presiding bishop and primate of the Episcopal Church, will give an address at the wedding in Windsor on May 19.
21487	The most serious injuries are caused by electric shock.
21488	The most successful was the Rev Hugh Ross who got 1.1%.
21489	The motion had been tabled by the Welsh Government because it believes Westminster needs the Assembly’s approval for its legislation to apply in Wales.
21490	The motion we are putting forward today gives the Government a slightly more gentle way forward.
21491	The motive of this tax plan is to create more energy efficient atmosphere for businesses operations that can help businesses to reduce overall carbon emissions helping in further reducing greenhouse effects.
21492	The move comes after more than 7,000 drivers were handed speed notices from the two fixed cameras on both the south and northbound lanes in the last year – reaping almost £750,000 in fines.
21493	The move follows a boycott in Spain earlier this year which led the Spanish state telco, Telefonica, to make significant concessions on Internet dial-up call charges.
21494	The move has been described as "economically irresponsible and ultimately futile pointed out that creating back doors in cyber security will make our communications far more open to hacking.
21495	The move has led to concerns that programming may suffer under the new finances, in particular that it may have to charge for streaming iPlayer online.
21496	The movement of a pig onto premises will trigger a 20 day standstill on any pigs, and 6 day standstill on sheep, cattle or goats on those premises.
21497	The move to Oracle Fusion was complicated by the discovery of unknown processes and unknown connections to other systems, major upgrades mid-flight, and the usual stream of post-live "issuettes" that, he says, required "ninja-level whack-a -mole skills".
21498	The movie takes place in a different universe, so I have no plans to show up in those movies any time soon".
21499	The MPhil in Technology Policy is not a research degree and therefore does not link to the PhD programme at Cambridge Judge Business School.
21500	The MSU-SK image of 10 July 1998 was shown to be useful for regional pollution mapping, due to its unique synoptic coverage, comparatively low cost, and medium resolution.
21501	The Muddy Dog Challenge is the UK's first obstacle course where runners can compete in 2.5km and 5km obstacle runs with their dog.
21502	The mud run, held on April 20, was organised by the school as part of year three teacher Joanna Marshall’s goal to raise thousands for charity after her younger brother was diagnosed with leukaemia last year.
21503	The Müller Indoor Grand Prix Glasgow - Tickets on sale now!
21504	The Multangular Tower is a remnant of the Roman Legionary fortress.
21505	The museum has four floors of exhibits that demonstrate the city’s maritime history, including Liverpool’s role in the Second World War.
21506	The museum is a fully immersive experience and is fun for the whole family.
21507	The museum is grateful to all its past donors who have given the museum objects and specimens for its collections.
21508	The Museum is on The Watton (B4601) next to the main army barracks in Brecon.
21509	The music and songs will touch your heart and the show is very nearly stolen by Red Concepción's flamboyant, flawed and funny rendering of The Engineer - the pimp who crowns Miss Saigon and introduces her to her future 'husband', Chris.
21510	The myth about carrots being good for night vision was made popular during World War II.
21511	The mythical, artificial islands made from plants and reeds, and the most famous.
21512	The myth later emerged that CNN had faked or used old footage, though it seems clear the Reuters film is real.
21513	Then add all of the incidents across all of the crime codes to a grand total - I don't need to see a breakdown.
21514	The NAFC Marine Centre is on the left after the marina and Scalloway Boating Club.
21515	Then again, as Sorokin argues, ‘In the Third Symphony, the movements are not connected to each other – they are all unique – so I don’t see a problem here.’
21516	Then all you can do is try to block the access points to your garden so that the cubs play elsewhere.
21517	Then along came Mark.
21518	The name of the file containing the metrics values to be reported.
21519	The name of the organisation has not been decided yet, but we will write to you and let you know when it has.
21520	The name of the winner will be available after 18 April 2016 by writing to the Promoter at the address below.
21521	“The name ‘Petticoat Lane’ evokes visions of a classic London street,” Mayor John Biggs said.
21522	The names and icons within the application have been updated.
21523	The Nancy Blackett is the most beautiful little cosy shepherds hut just calling for snuggles.
21524	The NAO blamed the poor performance on HMRC’s decision to cut 11,000 staff between 2010 and 2014 as it tried to persuade more people to complete their tax returns online.
21525	The NAO notes the pressure to deliver by 2019-20 could result in a scheme that has not been fully tested.
21526	The narrative of the case currently receiving widespread publicity, woman is seeking a private prosecution for rape, is very familiar to us at Rape Crisis Scotland.
21527	The narrow measure is a better indicator of changes over time because it is less affected by improvements in recording of secondary diagnoses.
21528	Then, as it matures, each leaf becomes rounded and rich red in colour with a neat golden rim and the stems also develop deeper colouring.
21529	“The NASUWT is delighted to be able to formally recognise Bradley’s contribution to the NASUWT by presenting him with this award.”
21530	The National Archives holds millions of records.
21531	The National Association for the Development of Work with Sex Offenders has argued for extended supervision orders, something which has been available to judges from 1992 yet rarely used.
21532	The National Association of Chimney Sweeps have their annual exhibition taking place on the 7 April 2017 at The Holiday Inn Hotel, Bridgefoot, Stratford-upon-Avon.
21533	The National Bed Federation (NBF) is stepping up its due diligence with the introduction of a random testing programme of both member and non-member products.
21534	The national charity, Missing people, which helps missing people and their loved ones reconnect has received £59,519 of Scottish Government funding to increase the help available to missing people in Scotland.
21535	The National Education Union surveyed 590 education staff in primary and secondary schools in England in January 2018.
21536	The National Escort Group is an accredited group of motorcyclists trained to assist with the safety of events held on the public highway.
21537	The National HIV Prevention Innovation Fund is funded by the allocation from the Department of Health to Public Health England for HIV prevention and sexual health promotion.
21538	The National Landlords Association recently revealed that last year saw a significant number of properties damaged by burst pipes because tenants were not told how to shut off the heating system.
21539	The national living wage will predominantly affect employers.
21540	The nationally acclaimed Trafford Centre and Salford Quays are easily accessible from the development with or without a car.
21541	The National Readership Survey results released this week show that Metro newspaper cont.
21542	The National Society for 'Epilepsy – Epilepsy?
21543	The National Theatre unreservedly condemns, wherever situate, the practices of modern slavery and human trafficking.
21544	The nation’s love affair with the seaside will be celebrated in the National Maritime Museum’s special exhibition for 2018, which will showcase beach photography by some of Britain’s best photographers.
21545	The natural colours of the season are perfect for an earthy, rustic theme, and the changing landscape makes for stunning wedding photographs.
21546	The natural skyscraper houses a fascinating variety of seabirds from puffins and fulmars at the top to guillemots and razorbills in the basement.
21547	The natural sweetness of the fruit makes these rainbow fruit kebabs the perfect refreshing treat for a summer party or picnic.
21548	The nature of my work underpins my passion for business, travelling and meeting new people.
21549	The nature of the work and the underperformance.
21550	The Nazis wanted the East for ‘Lebensraum’, living space.
21551	Then came the Bosnian-Croatian military pact, midwife to the Croatian army's invasion of the Krajina.
21552	The NCFE Level 5 Diploma in and Training is a competence-based qualification.
21553	Then click “Edit Lightbox publishing template”.
21554	Then comes a full FACT 11m carbon frame (both the chassis and rear end) and efficient and powerful Turbo technology, integrating a battery, and a new Turbo 1.3 motor that delivers 15% more power than the previous version.
21555	Then despite me notifying them of the issue that they were billing me again as I cancelled the 2nd contract account of which, i never authorised to be opened.
21556	The nearest airport is Manchester Airport, 13 km from the property.
21557	The nearest bus-stop is just a few metres away from the shop.
21558	The nearest ones are Lloyds Pharmacy (30 Trumpington St; 10% discount with a student card), Boots (Petty Cury), and Janks (32A Eltisley Avenue).
21559	The neat footwork of Tom Cairney was the equivalent of bamboozling spin.
21560	The necessary combination of just monarch and wise advisor, exemplified by the idealized relationship between Alexander the Great and Aristotle, was an integral part of Persian political thought.
21561	The need for leaders to be well connected is not new, however; knowing how to build and use relationships has always been essential for any leader to be successful.
21562	The need for speed: going from offer to exchange in a flash - NAEA Propertymark This site uses cookies, to find out how By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies.
21563	The Negev is a desert of stone whose vastness and infinite horizons are very seductive.
21564	The neighbour's cat is sleeping in the flower bed, which is always an indicator here with me that the weather is pleasant.
21565	The Nene Valley Festival is a diverse programme of events aimed at residents and visitors to the area, kicking off with a family fun day at Delapre Park on Saturday, 16 September.
21566	The new 315 pupil school will be built on land behind the existing junior school.
21567	The new allowance is available to any individual who has a dividend income, this extends to foreign dividends.
21568	The new Attorney-General, Augusto Paulino, has made the murder of the Austral interim chairperson, Antonio Siba-Siba Macuacua, in August 2001, and the looting of the bank, one of his priorities.
21569	The new building should be open by September 2020, bringing the primary school and secondary school pupils all together under one roof.
21570	The new Challenge will start on 16th October this year.
21571	The new classroom will mean that children will no longer be taught in mixed year groups or cramped conditions as pupil numbers continue to grow.
21572	The new coalition government will agree to scrap Hips, according to one property expert.
21573	The new concourse at London Bridge station is bigger than the pitch at Wembley Stadium with new retail and station facilities opening during 2018.
21574	The new contract extends the Arriva RP network to include a newline which will increase the company’s annual kilometresoperated in Poland in 2011 by up to 15 per cent over that in 2010.
21575	The new contract is set to save £4.2 million over the course of seven years – a grand total of £600,000 a year.
21576	The new council leader also has ambitious plans to get the city’s rich history internationally recognised, describing it as ‘the unique selling point’ of Worcester.
21577	The new design software allows Pasquill to work to very tight tolerances.
21578	The new Education secretary took the view that she needed time in her new role to digest the information, and therefore deferred the decision, which has caused concern for schools.
21579	The new emphasis on accountability and governance means that you must demonstrate how your organisation is GDPR compliant.
21580	The new enterprise, 'Creation Station' allows youngsters to invent and then produce all manner of hot drinks and smoothies, the baristas then serve the drinks to customers.
21581	The newest, largest ships often have additional casual, fee-free eateries -- and room service is nearly always free.
21582	The new fires required the construction of a small forest of new chimneys within the range.
21583	The new fishing hub, created in the inner harbours will bring together all of the services and facilities required by the industry.
21584	The new leaders of Iraq lacked a concrete programme of their own, and had to relate to the mass movement through others.
21585	The new legislation actually offers added incentive towards reducing even further the use of cells in this way.
21586	The newly-constructed is the hotel of choice for those on a budget and not so far out of town that it can’t be walked.
21587	The newly refurbished training room was officially opened on 30 March by OS CEO Nigel Clifford and Solent Mind CEO Kevin Gardner.
21588	'The new measures are positive but there's still a lot we need clarity on.
21589	The new network branded Chase Linx – adds to the family of routes created recently when Arriva Midlands launched its Leicester Linx and Town Linx networks.
21590	The new Number Port ‘Executive Steering Group’ has now been established after industry agreement was reached that the current operating model is not fit for purpose.
21591	The new one, now called Honda Civic Hybrid, has a Jazz 1,339cc engine modified with self closing valves.
21592	The new operating model will see sweeping changes.
21593	The new personal savings allowance is one factor contributing to this trend, but low interest rates continue to frustrate savers.
21594	The new plan will supersede the previous Air Quality Action Plan.
21595	The new Plan will take Hillfields into the millennium.
21596	The new process will mean much simpler Privacy Notices, where details of any organisations with which the Local Authority and DfE share data are contained on the Local Authority and DfE websites, with links from the Privacy Notices.
21597	The new Rexton is designed to feel fresh and modern.
21598	The new route leads through other devices in the Z-Wave network.
21599	The new season fixtures will be released at 9am on Thursday, June 21.
21600	The new security features will help to future-proof our passport against fraudsters and maintain visa-free entry for New Zealanders into more than 50 countries.
21601	The new sessions will be taking place at Oakenshaw Community Centre every Thursday at 6pm and will cost £3.30 per 1 hour session.
21602	The new sessions will take place at the same venue, The Shambles, Market House, every Tuesday morning from 9am to 12.30pm, starting on 4th August, 2015.
21603	The news follows on from confirmation of a new deal for defender Kyle Walker-Peters.
21604	"The news is disappointing for all concerned but it’s a credit to Stuart’s professionalism the way he has accepted the decision and he’s now fully focused on his new coaching role.
21605	The newsletter will provide a regular update on progress and links to research and discussion papers as they are published.
21606	The newspaper had failed to correct a significant inaccuracy promptly in breach of Clause 1(ii).
21607	The news provider states that those which do exist would fail to meet the National Grid Code on energy supply.
21608	The news that it will be helping hundreds of doctors across China access the latest genomic healthcare advances is a testament to the far-reaching wisdom of our vision,” she said.
21609	The news that the prolific polymath, British émigré historian Niall Ferguson, now at Harvard University, had been commissioned to write the official biography by Kissinger himself rose more than a few eyebrows.
21610	The new strategic plan includes a fresh mission statement: ‘To be an outstanding college at the heart of our community’ and a vision to become leaders in learning.
21611	The new trails will incorporate elements of the previous ‘Freeride’ area, as well as a new route for walkers.
21612	The new US Embassy site at Nine Elms in Wandsworth, which is being constructed by B.L. Harbert International and Sir Robert McAlpine, is due to open next year.
21613	The new wear and tear allowance rules came into force on 6 April 2016, and they’re known as the Replacement Relief.
21614	The next 5 day fast track course commences at our Paisley Campus on the 15 March.
21615	The next batch of training for doctoral students and supervisors will be in May.
21616	The next consultation was planned for Summer 2014, however following the closure of Manston Airport, the Council now has to consider the impact this may have on the Local Plan and the timetable for its production.
21617	The next day I use a soft toothbrush and scalpel blade to get rid of any more unwanted grout then wash with hot water and a tiny bit of washing up liquid to polish the finished piece before it’s left to dry.’
21618	The next impetus, perversely, was Dutch elm disease, which wiped out numerous old avenues, but spurred us into rethinking and replanting with alternatives (Anglesey Abbey’s magical hornbeams replaced a diseased elm walk).
21619	The next Local Forum will take place at the Redbridge Institute, Gaysham Avenue, Essex, IG2 6TD from 6.30pm to 8.30pm on Monday 26 February 2018.
21620	The next major paratriathlon event is the ITU Paratriathlon World Cup race at Eton Dorney on May 28.
21621	The next meeting of the SACRE will take place in April 2016.
21622	The next meeting will held on Thursday 10 September 2015 in the East Committee Room, Municipal Building, Earle Street, Crewe.
21623	The next move was to PR consultancy developing PR strategy for a portfolio of clients in fashion, retail and high-tech companies and provided opportunities for international work.
21624	The next round of the Motostar Championships takes place at Donington Park next month.
21625	The next time your appliances need replacing, do an energy check on your next items to see which ones are most beneficial in terms of low energy usage.
21626	The next two games did represent a step up in inten-sity as Ben Rhydding were faced by Bowdon and Windermere, who had both shown great promise.
21627	The next win for Bridgwater came in event 16 by the boys 13/u freestyle relay (Josh Richards, Oskar Borowski, Jack Clarke, & Oliver Rowe).
21628	“The NFDA welcomes the decision by Ford to launch an incentive for UK consumers to trade in cars over seven years old.
21629	Then forced to sleep with the men who paid to visit her room.
21630	Then for dessert I had the warm chocolate fondant with orange sorbet, mango coulis, brandy snap.
21631	The NGEN facility is located within a previously existing Irradiation Facility housing both a gamma and X-ray exposure facility.
21632	The NGI will see academic and commercial partners working side by side on graphene applications of the future.
21633	Then Gordon's banker friends said we don't want the Monopolies and Mergers commission telling us who we can and can't "Take Over".
21634	Then go to the CCS web site and download the MPE LAB Plugin.
21635	Then he’ll receive his treatment—featuring a Stress-Relieving Shampoo Ritual—and styling.
21636	The NHS Bursary package differs from the support available to non-NHS students.
21637	The NHS Lanarkshire Telehealth monitoring service has been funded by a Scottish Government initiative called Technology Enabled Care (TEC) which aims to increase the number of people receiving Telehealth at home.
21638	The NHS say it can help minimise the risk of HIV infections.
21639	The nickname of the American singer and actor, Roy Rogers, was the "King of the Cowboys".
21640	The NI exemption did not extend to the reimbursement of costs incurred by employees.
21641	The "Nightingale" stand mount loudspeaker is the 'monitor' model in the DSS range.
21642	The nightlife is scarce in this old sponge divers' village, making it a quiet alternative to other popular destinations in the area.
21643	Then I got a letter from Luxor in the spring of 2005, from the Sheraton Hotel.
21644	Then I had to have an angioplasty in 2006, and then a second one in 2010.
21645	The NIHR award is a partnership between researchers from the University of Bristol and NHSBT at Bristol and Cambridge and in collaboration with researchers from the Universities of Warwick, Bath and the West of England.
21646	Then, I'm going to grab this little thing.
21647	Then, in 2014, while I was doing my MSc at King’s, I met Ingrid Bleynat, my advisor, and Paul Segal, my thesis supervisor.
21648	Then I need to pick up 18 year old later as he's finishing college late as he's doing GCSE English as a re-sit, then seeing MiL for a game of boggle.
21649	“The nine partner charities use donations and legacies from will makers to reach people in crisis, both here in the UK and all around the world.
21650	The nine-speed automatic gearbox is smooth and quick to respond, too, particularly with the car in Sport mode, and a soundtrack pops and roars from the exhaust pipes to encourage you on your way.
21651	Then I realised my client had to pay an additional fee for a sub-standard plan to York CC.
21652	The Nivada stained glass door collection is your answer.
21653	Then I went back to Australia.
21654	The Nix got their double-header weekend off to the perfect start when they overcame the Giants in thrilling fashion at an enraptured Ellesmere Port Sports Village on Friday.
21655	Then join the Woodcraft Folk to develop skills in working with children and young people and get experience of delivering a wide range of activities that are fun, and promote positive values.
21656	Then look no further than Bangor University’s very own range of specially designed merchandise.
21657	The noble Baroness was correct to stress the importance of the initials ATOL.
21658	The noble Lord referred to the refugees in Syria.
21659	The No campaign sought to link marriage equality to wider issues of gender and sexuality, and scaremongering about “radical gender theory” in schools.
21660	Then of course we have the local investigations that go on, which aren’t often reported by us.
21661	The nominations for the awards are now open and those wishing to enter have until Friday 3rd July to submit your entries.
21662	Then on Wednesday we were over in Salford installing two wardrobes with white frames and pure white glass, for Andrea and Paul Elliott, a community-minded couple whose friends wanted to thank them for all they do for the local area.
21663	The Northern Ireland Assembly really cannot afford to not give teachers a pay award that recognises the cost of living pressures impacting on teachers and which does not further exacerbate the decline in competitiveness with other graduate occupations.
21664	The Northern Ireland Diaspora has a key role to play in creating opportunities for our economy, Junior Ministers, Megan Fearon and Alastair Ross have said.
21665	The northern section of the road from the cement works to the Avon Mill roundabout was set to have been built first, as it had little impact on the rail line.
21666	The north of the country has the opposite problem.
21667	The North Prospect Estate is in the process of substantial change in the form of a major renewal and refurbishment project.
21668	The North, South and East Gates each had a small bridge across the moat which surrounded the walls, while the West Gate provided access across the Soar via the West Bridge and the Bow Bridge.
21669	The North West ranked as the most resistant to Christmas cheer, with over 15% voting to skip the season altogether, while London and Yorkshire followed close behind.
21670	The notes may be consulted on a day-to-day basis by the Senior Tutor and the Senior Tutor's PA.
21671	The notification period for this Regulation is at least three months.
21672	The Novita products we use with this treatment are highly effective salon-exclusive brand containing AHA’s and BHA’s.
21673	The NPD can be used to provide detailed estimates of the numbers and types of populations within close proximity of a pipeline carrying a hazardous substance.
21674	The NPPF replaces all of the Planning Policy Statements, Planning Policy Guidance notes and the Minerals Planning Guidance notes that previously formed national planning policy.
21675	Then, race without hter.
21676	Then set-piece expert Sammy Clingan hammered a 25 yard free kick inches past the post after Mark Stafford has hauled back substitute Marc Griffin.
21677	Then she thought she could use the right hon.
21678	Then switch on the vibrating bullet and you’ll both find the powerful vibrations add an extra satisfying element to your love-making.
21679	Then take your hose and spray your door so it is wet.
21680	Then the 19 PMs must do the same.
21681	Then the boundary of the convex hull projects to a canonical ideal polyhedral decomposition of a subspace of the convex core of the quotient hyperbolic manifold.
21682	Then the grain is taken to the traditional floor maltings and laid out as a 'piece' for seven days.
21683	Then there are the museums: Lakeland Life & Industry focuses on the region’s past whereas Kendal Museum adds another dimension to the town’s cultural output with its natural history collection from around the world alongside local exhibits.
21684	Then there are the New York taxi workers.
21685	Then there is definitely no missing out!
21686	Then there’s the management team or director.
21687	Then there was a fault with Mr Thorpe's telephone (some would say – 'how very 1970s!') which meant that the two leaders did not get to speak until gone midnight.
21688	Then there were bands like Discharge, whose raw power influenced a whole sub genre (d-beat), their fellow speed merchants GBH, and The Exploited, whose clattering racket epitomised for many what punk had become.
21689	Then to 'phone them took 6mins of press this and that button and another 3min wait.
21690	Th entry-level Access trim level is the cheapest, but its very basic.
21691	The number 40 bus was travelling from Glenrothes to Kirkcaldy.
21692	The number in a committee varies, from about 10 to 18. Typically a committee of 12 members would be made up of four Conservative, four Labour, two Liberal Democrat and two Crossbench members.
21693	The number of Build To Rent homes planned across the UK has doubled in just six months to 45,000, according to the British Property Federation.
21694	The number of large trout caught on the Upper Tweed was well above average, whereas the general view from the Lower and Middle Tweed was that it had been a poor season.
21695	The number of multi-channel homes in the UK (including cable analogue) rose by nearly 20% year on year, and now stands at 57 per cent.
21696	The number of people in North Yorkshire estimated to be living with long-term health conditions as a result of heart attacks alone has been predicted to rise from 6,884 in 2015 to 9,492 in 2030.
21697	The number of people in work in the UK increased by 175,000 between December 2016 to February 2017 and March to May 2017 to 32.01 million, the largest increase since the 3 months to December 2015.
21698	The number of people living with diagnosed HIV is rising each year, due to increased numbers of new diagnoses and improved survival rates due to anti-retroviral therapies.
21699	The number of people we have assisted into work has increased slightly to 21.7% which is 55% higher than the Scottish average.
21700	The number of sex offender treatment programmes were down from 2,757 to 2,576 despite a sharp rise of more than 700 in the number of sex offenders imprisoned.
21701	The number of steps between floors is: 11, please note the staircase is steep and has a tight turn.
21702	The number of toilets will depend on the number of workers on site and the type of facilities provided.
21703	The number of window and door installers actually rose slightly to 12,548 although volume per installer dropped.
21704	The number people resident in the area who are aged 65 years and over.
21705	The nurses are professional nurses using the latest, quickest and pain free machines.
21706	The nurse will arrive 30-45 minutes before the start time so they can be shown the fire exits, toilets and prepare their kit.
21707	The nursing staff were always available if I needed them but they allowed me to be as independent as I wanted to be.
21708	Then use a spoon to make 4 hollows in the tomatoey sauce, crack an egg into each hollow, pop on the lid and allow the eggs to bake for 8 minutes or so (less if you like the yolks runny).
21709	Then, usually as part of the same day, you will attend your formal interview.
21710	The NUT reserves the right to remove, in full or part any entry, on the decision of the General Secretary.
21711	Then we headed back to port.
21712	Then we put the head and neck onto the top of the body, the legs below it and do the carving on the body.”
21713	Then, we threw up the website.
21714	Then why not opt for the ever-popular and authentic wood grain finishes?
21715	The NW London- based manufacturing company have made and sold more than 2 million systems installed in over 20 years of trading.
21716	Then write to them at the House of Commons, Westminster, London SW1A 0AA.
21717	Then you are a dangerous, exploitative individual.
21718	Then you can decide whether it’s the right level for you.
21719	Then you will continue to the Sunday Market, renowned as the biggest in Central Asia.
21720	Then you would add the Maternity service, by clicking the green "+" (add button).
21721	The Oak House somehow manages to feel both snug and surprisingly spacious - it's such a great use of space, and it's just beautifully crafted.
21722	The objective at the start of the season was to go and get promoted and we have done it.
21723	The objective of the current legislation is to assure a minimum standard of tyre quality that improves road safety and energy efficiency whilst reducing noise pollution.
21724	The objective of the survey was to provide up-to-date information on the national urban tree stock and urban tree management by local authorities.
21725	The objective of this study is to examine the quality of corporate disclosure in the annual reports of Malaysian public listed companies.
21726	The objective was to obtain a corporation tax deduction on intra-group borrowing in one company whilst avoiding a taxable receipt arising in the lender or any other group company.
21727	The objective was to review the quantity of plastic packaging being placed on the market (POM) and recycled in 2013.
21728	The objects themselves were loaned to Stromness Museum for display alongside the painting during our 2014 summer exhibition.
21729	The Observer poll also showed that 10 per cent of respondents who voted Remain last June would either vote for Brexit or abstain from voting were a second referendum held today.
21730	The occupier’s duty is to maintain the welfare of their guests, including those who have not been invited or those who are not authorised.
21731	The offences range from neglect to sexual assault and rape of children aged between two and 15.
21732	The offender is described as white, over 5ft 8 inches tall, average build with fairly tanned skin, stubble, green eyes and slicked back hair that was swept to the right.
21733	The offenders callously exploit that desperation for their own ends, and we are determined to put a stop to that.
21734	The offending rat was dealt with by doses of "blue crumbs" and the corpse was subsequently found curled up in one of Bob's crab pots.
21735	The office boasts nice extras such as a Playstation3 and Xbox!
21736	“The office market in Hull and the East Riding has seen some significant changes, but nowhere has this been more prominent than in the city centre,” said Mr Pearce, one of the founders of PPH Commercial back in 1990.
21737	The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC) published, via its website, all expenditure over £500.
21738	The officer did not discuss an alternative option of applying for approval of reserved matters.
21739	The officer highlighted that there was a criteria which determined the cases pulled through, and after reviewing national demographic statistics it was estimated to be approximately 15 cases.
21740	The officer recommendation to grant the application was proposed by Councillor Valerie White and seconded by Councillor Katia Cooper, and put to the vote and carried.
21741	“The officers carried out the ultimate act of bravery, trying to save a man that they did not know.
21742	“The Ofsted inspectors were clearly impressed by our four-year trend of rising results, by the high quality of the teaching on show and the excellent student behaviour they witnessed.
21743	The old barriers are breaking down.
21744	The Oldbury procedures identified the posts responsible for compliance with this condition.
21745	The Old Chapel is in a lovely garden setting and Denis and Ruth couldn't't have been better hosts.
21746	The Old Cheese Shop in Hartington sells cheese from Hartington Creamery plus award-winning Derbyshire and Staffordshire varieties.
21747	The older sibling came out on top in the final held at the National Tennis Centre in the Girls under twelve category.
21748	The oldest business listed is Clarks – based in Somerset – and formed over 190 years ago.
21749	The Old Forge Guest Accommodation is a cleverly converted Blacksmith's Cottage and Forge, dating from 1701.
21750	The Old Olive Bush is a lovely traditional pub in a quiet village with a great atmosphere.
21751	The old scheme underwent three buy-in transactions, the first two in 2010 with Lucida, which has since been acquired by Legal & General, and the third one with Rothesay Life in 2012.
21752	The old town contains a number of churches and historic buildings, and can be seen with the assistance of English speaking guides.
21753	The Old Town dates back to the early 1900s – yet is still great for shopping and a coffee on the weekend.
21754	The old town hosts…
21755	The one area though that they fall behind in their level of odds which definitely needs improvement.
21756	“The one from the drop-out I can’t even really explain; it was a bit of a weird jump and spin in the air.
21757	The one thing we couldn’t afford to be was safe and invisible.
21758	The one-way rental fee (if any) will be added to the total amount payable at the end of the process.
21759	The ongoing nature of the work means that the chosen supplier wins not only the job in question, but also a new long-term customer.
21760	The Online Easy Access Account now boasts the highest variable rate for those who want a guaranteed bonus of 1.28%, including a 0.68% bonus for the first 12 months.
21761	The only charges which may need to be paid are standard court and sheriff officer fees.
21762	The only consolation is that we’re reducing weight.
21763	The only disadvantage with the new iPad, I think, is that it doesn’t come with any memory card, SD card or USB slots…but iCloud makes up for this.
21764	The only exception is the easyHotel; you'll need to park across the road at the multi-storey car park.
21765	The only fly in the ointment is cash.
21766	The only legal way to show Sky Sports programming in licensed premises in the UK is via a commercial viewing agreement from Sky”.
21767	The only negative is the shower, needs some updating with the tiles, maybe a new shower curtain?
21768	The only other difference between hatch and estate is the addition of black roof rails – although you can upgrade them to silver for £150.
21769	The only other thing to say is a huge thank you to this forum and to everyone who posts on it.
21770	The only person who has ever called me a quota woman is the woman who stood for the party that held the seat before I took it.
21771	The only real difference is a 6mm or 10mm rib, save that the Sporter has an adjustable trigger and vented side ribs.
21772	The only thing I would say is how I pay for it.
21773	The only thing that upsets people more than railway delays, after all, is building more railway.
21774	The only thing that was badly dented was my ego.
21775	The only way you can deliver that certainty is simply to take forward the existing rule book.
21776	The ONR inspection team comprised the ONR Decommissioning Site Inspector and an ONR Specialist Inspector in radioactive waste and decommissioning (Nuclear Liabilities Regulation, NLR).
21777	The ONS highlighted how high house prices do not necessarily translate to high local wages, with the median full-time earnings in the most expensive area Kensington and Chelsea standing at £31,950 compared to a median house price of £1,300,000.
21778	The on-site bar and restaurant take care of your food and beverage wishes.
21779	The ONS said that while the weather had some impact on the economy, especially in construction and retail, this was offset by boosts to energy supplies and online sales, meaning the overall effect was limited.
21780	The open engagement from DCMS to establish an independent board is a hugely positive move and I look forward to supporting 5GUK in establishing the UK as a leader in the development and adoption of 5G.”
21781	The opening ceremony was attended by the mayor of Saffron Walden and the driver and fireman of the first train to call at the halt were presented with a bottle of champagne.
21782	The opening date and closing date and time for entries are as indicated in the interaction information.
21783	The opening hours are great, with people able to train before classes or late at night, whatever suits you.
21784	The opening this summer of the Waterfront Hall, a new public hall and venue in the Yorkshire Pennine town of Hebden Bridge, will be marked by the first performance of a new choral work.
21785	The opening times of the park vary considerably throughout the year so be sure to check their website before you plan your trip.
21786	The open-plan layout allows one room to spill gracefully into the next, as calmness and tranquility seep into every stone.
21787	The open register is available for general sale and can be used for commercial activities such as direct marketing.
21788	The opinion can be about the likely outcome of the case, or about a particular point of law.
21789	The opportunity to interact with staff and fellow students, to question, discuss and explore your subject, is an important part of the programme.
21790	• The opportunity to meet new people who share your interests.
21791	The opposite of sloth is enthusiasm for life, eagerly reaching for all the joy it can give as from God.
21792	The opposition Renamo-Electoral Union coalition insists on completely politicising the Council - it wants the judges to be elected by the Assembly, in accordance with the number of seats each political party holds.
21793	The optimal type and timing of surgery remain controversial.
21794	The option for door installation we offer in Purfleet is carried out by qualified professionals - just the kind of experts you need to fit a new door, no matter what kind you prefer.
21795	The Orchards extra care housing scheme, Brompton The Orchards provides 34 self-contained, one and two-bedroom apartments and three bungalows available for rent.
21796	The order means that Rebecca Canty cannot behave in a way that causes or is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to any person.
21797	The Order of the Privy Council suspended gold payments on Bank of England notes and afforded simultaneous protection to the government and the Bank in pursuit of the conflicting goals of price stability and war finance.
21798	The ordinary term of appointment of a Committee member shall be three years, however at the end of that termmembers of the Committee shall be entitled to stand for re-election.
21799	"The Ordsall Chord will also help deliver the key benefits of the Railway Upgrade Plan for the north.
21800	The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (OECD) Common Reporting Standard (CRS) goes live in the UK on 1 January 2016; the deadline is fast approaching.
21801	The organisation said that data gathered for the period January to March 2015 showed that a whopping 5.9 million adults have never used the internet, down just one percent from the same time last year, despite efforts to boost digital inclusion.
21802	The organisations of civil society structure their collective life.
21803	The organisations who are contacted will use the information to update records; to end services, benefits and credits as appropriate; and to resolve any outstanding issues.
21804	The organization has become the most essential part a functionality, so decide to try out more than 1 format.
21805	The Oriental Institute Library and the Sackler Library next door have substantial teaching collections.
21806	The original article therefore stated totally financial penalties of £17,865.
21807	The original Cold War was between different social systems: capitalism and Stalinism, the latter which rested on the planned economy, albeit bureaucratically controlled.
21808	The original farmyard became the Tycroes business park, a beacon for employment in the area that was opened by His Royal Highness Prince Charles.
21809	The original library was started in a converted room with 600 books.
21810	The original mould was in wax but aluminium was used to give these tiles shape.
21811	The Original New breed of Jump/Park MTB MX frames.
21812	The original performance (at the Aldeburgh Festival) made use of the choirs of three schools.
21813	The original station building on the 'up' side platform has been converted into a house.
21814	The Orkney and Shetland Tour was awarded SAGA holidays Top Tour 2009 based on the results of questionnaires completed by SAGA customers and reflects satisfaction with the quality of accommodation and excellent standards of service.
21815	The Orkney Riding Club website collects visitor information through Google Analytics.
21816	The other diesel option is badged D4; it’s a more potent unit, with 188bhp and 400Nm of torque, and you can only order it with the eight-speed auto and four-wheel drive.
21817	The other flaw in the immigration argument is that the only way we will negotiate anything like the trade deal we now have with Europe means we will have to accept the free movement of capital and labour.
21818	The other men also lay punch after punch into his body.
21819	The other one’s about life in the Second World War, because I’ve just started writing a book about evacuees.
21820	The other said, 'He has failed to achieve it.
21821	The outbreak (confirmed in an abattoir on 19 February 2001) involved the slaughter of more than six million animals causing dire emotional and financial impacts on farmers, vets and rural businesses.
21822	The outdoor learning zone will be used by St Albert's pupils for regular outdoor lessons, delivered by teachers from the school who have trained as "Forest School" leaders.
21823	The outlet stores spring up, move location or close down virtually overnight, so it’s just as well to have a knowledgeable guide.
21824	The outlook for the English beef, lamb and pork sectors as the UK prepares to quit the EU will be the focus of an AHDB webinar this month.
21825	The overall cost of refurbishing Fairfield is an estimated £30m, with a net cost to the council of £12m, following the wider College Green development which will pay back the remainder of the council’s investment.
21826	The overall incidence of malaria was therefore estimated as 876 per 1,000 per year (Range: 711-906).
21827	The Overall podium was Searle, Leok and Karro, while Searle remains at the top of the points standing in MX1.
21828	The overall safety of the court is massively improved after a deep clean as well, this eradicates any slippery areas that could lead to serious injury and it also reduces the chances of any twigs and branches causing damage to the players or the surface.
21829	The overall winner will be selected by the public.
21830	The overheads weren’t cost effective unfortunately and we have found that by providing more staff on Saturday we’re able to work and write even more business that we would have done previously.
21831	The overwhelming majority (69%) said they would not be making any Lenten sacrifices, rising to 75% of over-60s and 77% of UKIP voters.
21832	The owner of Coinfords even made the effort to find Barry onsite and welcome him to the team.
21833	The owners of US streaming video site Hulu announced that they have stopped looking for a buyer.
21834	The Oxford Senior Executive Programme in Global Health aims to provide participants with cutting edge research updates delivered by world-renowned researchers in the field of global health.
21835	The P2P market is now regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), although not in the same way as banks and building societies.
21836	The P6 Owners Club's Northern National Show will be held here today!
21837	The PA/Carer concessionary ticket must be requested when placing your order.
21838	The package includes use of their meeting room (including projector, screen, flip chart + delegate stationary), unlimited tea and coffee, and catering for your event.
21839	The paediatric diabetes team were a top performer in the National Paediatric Diabetes audit 2014 to 2015 due to HbA1C rates being better than the England average.
21840	The Painting & Decorating Association :: Macpherson powers ahead with new online presenceThe premier trade and employers'
21841	The painting was reinstated in the gallery last week despite slight damaged to it from being outside for more than four months.
21842	“The pair are now paying the price for their actions and I hope that the time behind bars will allow them to reflect upon what they have done – and the impact of it.”
21843	The pair decided to work with Mancunian Way, a charity that provides outreach youth projects, to set up activities that would engage young people on the estate.
21844	The pair dressed up for a night on the town, with John sharing a sweet selfie of the pair enjoying a date night on his Instagram account.
21845	The pair had put on 59 in 23 overs, lifting Essex from 55 for four.
21846	The pair now own 22 restaurants across the country, but this is only their second 'Rooms' venture.
21847	The pair spoke daily for weeks before he gave out the number.
21848	The pair were watching the tennis and cheering on Andy Murray.
21849	The palace was destroyed; they were taken and then sold to pay for the cost of the military adventure.
21850	The Panagia Peninsula is the oldest part of this city which gives you an idea of what the city looked like in the 19th century.
21851	The Panel considered that the witness was entirely credible and reliable throughout her evidence.
21852	The panel consists of a mixture of members of the programme team, representatives of the employing Trust, NHS clinical psychologists and service user representatives.
21853	"The Panel sees the shift to a more principlesbased regime as having many advantages for firms and, ultimately, for their customers.
21854	The Panel was addressed by Trevor Edwards, the agent in support of the application).
21855	The Panel were advised that this could not be conditioned.
21856	The paper adds that the Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, believes that inflation is likely to fall below 1% in the first six months of 2015.
21857	The paper is available in a rich red, with pink aspects and a charcoal coloured base, two with a delicated pastel blue and green base, right through to neutral tones, in a palette of pale creams and greys.
21858	The paper received the Atkinson Award for the best article published in the Journal of Public Economics during the period 2014-16.
21859	The papers may be out – but JFK, the mother of all conspiracy theories transcended, long ago, into legend.
21860	The Parish of Wooburn and Bourne End is a few miles south west of the town of High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire.
21861	The Parish ‘plant’ as it is known, was gradually being put into good order but its care was still the responsibility of one man.
21862	The Parish Record Transcription Society (PRTSoc) have worked with TheGenealogist and S&N to make their records available online.
21863	The park has a wide variety of walking routes, several of which link with the Lagan Towpath, Clement Wilson Park and Mary Peters Athletics Track.
21864	The park is clean and staff are good.
21865	The park is located on the site of the old Milton Mount Hall and can be accessed from Milton Mount Avenue or St Catherine's Road- the nearest bus stops are on St Catherine's Road.
21866	The Parliamentarians will be fine, they will be insulated from any future crisis just as they have been in the previous manufactured economic shocks.
21867	The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills (Jo Swinson): It is lovely to see you back in the Chair, Mr Brady.
21868	The Particle Numbers and Concentrations Network monitors several parameters and gathers evidence from other available sources to improve understanding of the characteristics and behavior of particulate matter.
21869	The particular guiding principles that relate to this, if I can ask your Lordships’ forbearance, are these.
21870	The parties I have voted for in the past have always come a poor third, fourth or fifth, so I'm used to having my voice drowned out electorally.
21871	The partnership includes schools, the College of North West London, children and family centres, housing, libraries, sport and leisure, police, health services, probation services, employment services and voluntary sector services.
21872	The path ahead leads to a larger lake, Llyn Hywel, one of the most picturesque llyns in Snowdonia, set in a wild and rugged cwm with near vertical slabs plunging into the lake on the far side as seen from the outflow.
21873	The path broadly follows the contours of the hill above the lakeside and when it turns towards the summit, it does so in a fairly gentle manner.
21874	The path passes below this, sticking to the shore; a signpost warns of 'very rough track ahead'.
21875	The path running towards the nature reserve was until recently gorgeously dark and verdant, with a canopy of wingnuts sheltering walkers from the elements, but the trees aren’t native and there is a long term project to replant British species.
21876	The paths to be extinguished currently passed through the proposed new college building and also passed through the area of the site which was to be defined by a secure perimeter, ensuring the safeguarding of pupils.
21877	The path turns inland for a hundred yards or so before arriving at the valley bottom.
21878	The pathways for patients with cancer were not always clear.
21879	The Patient Experience and Health OutcomesArticle from New England Journal of Medicine Authors: Matthew P. Manary, M.S.E., William Boulding, Ph.
21880	The patients appeared to be particularly impaired on the two drives when only part of the road ahead was available to guide steering.
21881	The patronage has always been in private hands.
21882	The pay outs in the table above are based solely on a line and an amount wagered,it just so happened to be our own team.
21883	The PCC has been awarded £264,160 from the Police Innovation Fund over the next two years with the PCC contributing the remaining £183,566 required to fund the service for another two years.
21884	The peaceful forest is said to have inspired many great artistic and literary works, including Harry Potter’s Forbidden Forest.
21885	The pedestrian accident compensation is your right, and we will fight for you with everything we have.
21886	The penalties become more severe as the number of defaults rise.
21887	The Pennine League champions were four-wicket home winners against Rochdale but had a few anxious moments along the way.
21888	The pensioners can of course reclaim the tax they do not owe, but many either are unaware that they have this right, or are too daunted by the paperwork to try.
21889	The Pentawards Exhibit will feature a curation of the world’s best packaging designs from across five key categories – body, beverage, food, luxury and other markets.
21890	The people at the hospital know me and joke ‘Why don’t you get a bed here’ because I’m always up and down there.
21891	“The people of Ramsgate did not want to see this vile trade in their town and were relieved when it stopped, but now Dover residents are having it forced upon them.
21892	The percentage of directors under the age of 25 was 2.2% compared to the UK figure of 5.2%.
21893	The percentage of students (of known destination) assumed to be unemployed among former postgraduates was 3% in 1998/99, compared to 4% in 1997/98.
21894	The perfect base for family or group holidays, two of the cottages have an internal linking door which gives convenient accommodation for larger families or groups of up to 12.
21895	The perfect centrepiece for any event, this 6-tier Artisan Cheese Celebration Cake consists of a carefully chosen selection of award winning English and French cheeses.
21896	The perfect compliment to the Macadamia range of hair treatments.
21897	The perfect finishing touch.
21898	The Perfect Smile CM7 help you remove the stains from your teeth with our procedures in Bardfield Saling.
21899	The performance opens with a song that sets up the theme of travelling at Christmas.
21900	The performance will of course embrace the Act of Remembrance with time to reflect and give thanks to our fallen heroes.
21901	The Personal Savings Allowance should mean that for most individuals small amounts of bank interest are not subject to tax.
21902	The 'Person Authorising' is an individual who is an authorised signatory of the corporate body being appointed (e.g. director).
21903	The person must not be put at any kind of risk as a result of this decision.
21904	The person requiring the check usually pays but some employers pay for AccessNI checks.
21905	The person serving the application must file a certificate of service stating the date and time of personal service.
21906	The person the ideal candidate will be an established with prior experience of taking products to the global consumer market.
21907	The pet is not allowed to go into the bedroom ’suite’at any time.
21908	The Photograph Collection of the RAF Museum covers the history of British military aviation.
21909	The photographers and make up artists at the studio also commented on how lovely a basque it was!
21910	The photograph was taken in the 1940's.
21911	The phrases are presented in the form of lists and Arabic script is not used, all language is transliterated, with this book carrying very much an oral emphasis.
21912	The physiotherapist will work with you by setting goals.
21913	The pictures are amazing (I so want to buy all 160!), the setting was beautiful with great props and back drops!
21914	The picturesque site will be split into 10 zones – 3ft And Under, Adrenaline, Circus, Pasture, Funky Junk, Library, Curio “City”, Arena, Geronostage and Theatre – and will offer something for everyone, no matter what their age.
21915	The piece detailed Mr Williams’s encounters with Archer, and included information about Archer’s routine and how other prisoners viewed him.
21916	The piece, narrated by the BAFTA award winning actor Adeel Akhtar, who plays the boy’s father, reflecting back on their life in the now war-torn city of Homs, uses Tilt Brush, a tool for painting in 3D space with virtual reality.
21917	The pinna (the outside part of the ear) catches sound waves and directs them down the ear canal.
21918	The Pisco Sour – featuring gomme syrup, egg white and Chuncho bitters – is a sharp but dreamy recommendation.
21919	The pitch is filled with sand to allow for more grip for the athletes and players using the pitch, it also makes sure that the grass fibres across the pitch remain the same height and structure, improving the playing characteristics.
21920	The pizza scissors with serving scoop slice seamlessly through your pizza with what is basically a pair of scissors, with a flat bottom that keeps the whole thing in place and makes the perfect serving implement.
21921	The places are available throughout England for 15 hours per week, for 38 weeks per year.
21922	The place sleeps a lot of people.
21923	The plan also includes quarterly and annual reviews as well as a full five year review.
21924	The Plan-Net Exchange Healthcheck helps by providing an independent and expert review of your entire Exchange infrastructure covering operational procedures as well as technical configuration to ensure that one side isn't letting the other down.
21925	The planning process, which can be a minefield, was made so much easier by the really god advice given.
21926	The plans will form a historical record of the works that have been carried out and can be lodged with the deeds of your property.
21927	The plant closes later this year with the work being transferred to the Czech Republic, writes Rob Williams, convenor, Visteon Swansea plant, personal capacity.
21928	"The plan to bring all of its websites under one virtual roof promises to produce £91m in savings," GDS told the National Audit Office in 2013.
21929	The Plan would help to determine the development of the Scrutiny Panel’s Work Programme for 2015/16.
21930	The PLA provides pilotage and navigational services for ships using the Port of London, including the maintenance of shipping channels.
21931	The platform allows you to keep tools at materials alongside and work safely with both hands free.
21932	The platform is capable of addressing a broad range of reagent types from proteins, peptides and DNA, to low viscosity polymers, organic chemicals, volatile solvents and solid-loaded materials.
21933	The players love the app, as we do, and especially the regular cashback offer.
21934	"The players, past, present and future are fans too, just as much as the journalists, the commentators, and the people out there who come along to the matches or watch them on their television sets.
21935	The players who haven’t played there before are going to be hungry and so are the fans.
21936	The play is a highly physical comedy packed with finely-tuned farce and Buster Keaton inspired slapstick delivered with split-second timing and ambitious daring.
21937	The playmaker is one of the players who can conjure something out of nothing and I don’t think he has scored a goal at that hasn’t been of the eye-catching variety.
21938	The Playmobil Ice Pirate With Snowmobile 9058 are out to steal the new energy crystals discovered by the exploration team.
21939	The plea comes during the run-up to Deaf Awareness Week, organised by the UK Council on Deafness, which starts next Monday (19 May).
21940	The pleasure-displeasure scale: which measures how pleasant an emotion is.
21941	The plugs are like French plugs so you will need an adapter.
21942	The pod itself is light and warm, filled with clean, neutral colours, and cheese lovers will naturally be over the moon to find a welcoming cheese hamper inside, accompanied by a glass of bubbly.
21943	The poems deal in forms of influence: in seduction and persuasion, infatuation and obsession.
21944	The Poetry Book Society, your one-stop shop for reviews, news and discounts.
21945	The Poetry written and the Melodies selected by T. H. BAYLY.
21946	The point is, I have a problem - gambling on **, and sometimes slots and roulette.
21947	The point of this page is to save you the most money on your travel, whether that's through Expedia discount codes, special offers, flash sales, or simply smart shopping advice.
21948	The point seems to be that life’s important issues aren’t a matter of “yes” or “no” binary choices—but that’s how things are presented to us.
21949	“The police are also to be commended for bringing together individuals and organisations who were already trusted by women and girls experiencing sexual exploitation who were best placed to provide support.
21950	The police cannot solve this problem alone and the UK’s response needs to be a co-ordinated one and include the business community.
21951	The police has been informed by the BBC and is investigating those landlords struck off local registers but still apparently letting homes to tenants.
21952	The police have access to encrypted scanners that are used when property comes into their possession (e.g. execution of a search warrant orsearch on or after arrest).
21953	The police hubs are based at the school room next door to Kimberley’s parish hall in Kimberley, and in Nuthall’s Temple Centre.
21954	The police of the federal state in Burgenland has to investigate in a very bizarre criminal case.
21955	The police service and other criminal justice agencies should resist any suggestions that an absence of digital images in a case in any way weakens it.
21956	The Police Staff Council negotiates national agreements on pay and conditions of service for 50,000 police staff and PCSOs in England and Wales.
21957	The police will make contact with you to discuss your concerns and ask for more information from you, as well as confirming your identity during a face to face meeting.
21958	The policyholder argued that further physiotherapy was essential for her recovery and cited her consultant's opinion that her condition was still acute.
21959	The Policy only covers loss or damage caused by accident, fire and theft; it does not cover goods which are lost for any other reason i.e. goods which have been misplaced and can no longer be located.
21960	The Policy Summary document gives an overview of key covers and exclusions.
21961	The poll highlights nearly six in ten (59%) parents are concerned about costs.
21962	The pool and terrace are a perfect way to unwind after a day of sightseeing and the views can only be described as spectacular offering a panoramic vista to the coast and Split as well as dramatic mountains.
21963	The pool is perfect for cooling off and the terrace on the first floor is perfect for lunches and sipping evening drinks.
21964	The poorhouse never seems to have been occupied to its full capacity.
21965	The popular event takes place at Moon on The Water, Cleethorpes, on Saturday, June 16 between 2pm and 10pm.
21966	The popular tourist town of Valkenburg is just 2 miles away which is a superb day out.
21967	The population of West Sussex had increased by 49,221 (7.0%) since the previous census in 1991.
21968	The portfolio holder will work closely with the cabinet member for housing (with regard to the housing needs of vulnerable adults).
21969	The portfolio of private equity managers is not a general proxy for the market but is rather a focused selection of generally fast growing and well managed companies where there is a distinct thesis behind that growth continuing.
21970	The portfolio shows limited knowledge and understanding of sound and light.
21971	The Port of Ramsgate is a municipal port owned and operated by Thanet District Council.
21972	The portugese islands was amazing great day out.
21973	The position offers 36 hours per week, 8am start, paying £8.00 per hour.
21974	The Postage charge is a flat rate of just £1.00.
21975	The post holder will play a central role in establishing a new FHEQ level 4 Higher Education Certificate in Business and Management, with an emphasis on both strategic and operational elements.
21976	The postings specifically named Tony Blair and Gordon Brown as the top of the list for elimination.
21977	The post involves Saturday morning work at one of our centres.
21978	The potential of stable isotope analysis to investigate prehistoric husbandry practices.
21979	The power cord also retracts with a single push of a button.
21980	The powerful 700W motor takes all the effort out of blending and processing, with an array of accessories to cater for all your needs.
21981	The PowerPC processor for the Apple Power Mac is introduced.
21982	The practical implementation of bat conservation is evolving rapidly, and it is crucial to have quality control in the standard of bat surveys undertaken where development or land use proposals have the potential to impact on bats.
21983	The practical nature of the course is designed to develop learner's expertise of the area of Fine Art and Large and Small Scale Design.
21984	The practice of downloading and distributing copyrighted works such as movies, music, TV shows, books and games.
21985	The practitioner should have information available about other services nationally and locally, e.g. local Social Services, Partially Sighted Society, RNIB etc.
21986	The precedent is an ominous one, since the reformists were largely paralysed in the face of the interwar slump.
21987	The predicted course of the Roman road from Caersws to the fortlet at Penycrocbren is thought to run through the northern part of the area and possibly underlies the line of the modern road at Gwartew.
21988	The predicted secondary structure of the short 506-base 5'-untranslated region showed some attributes of a type IVB internal ribosome entry site, and the polyprotein lacked an apparent L peptide, both properties associated with the Parechovirus genus.
21989	The pre-election period is the period between the publication of the notice of election and the date of the election itself.
21990	The preferred option, the sensible option, the right option, is to ensure that there is an Executive that works in the interests of Northern Ireland, rather than people like me trying to work it out backwards.
21991	The premises are available on flexible lease terms to suit the tenant’s requirements.
21992	The premises are well established as a Launderette which could obviously be continued & in our opinion there is potential for other types of retail trades, if desired.
21993	The Premium Midi wardrobe comes in up to 7 different door styles and up to 42 different interiors to choose from.
21994	The Pre-Prep’s song ‘I have a song to bring’, progressively joined by Junior Choirs, Choristers and Chapel Choir took the breath away from many of us.
21995	The presentation generated a lot of interest from delegates who questioned us about the programme and its impact on the system in Scotland.
21996	The presentation provided examples of case studies, which included the outcomes, as a result of the support provided by Admiral Nurses, for both the families and the person with dementia.
21997	The presentation was part of our wider work supporting the RLP in drafting the Delivery Plan for Employment and Skills, focused on summarising the existing evidence, identifying headline findings, and highlighting any gaps in the evidence base.
21998	The presentation will comprise a brief overview of the current work being undertaken and will then focus on the A646 corridor and the influences on air quality like stock, bus operators, HGVs, infrastructure etc.
21999	The present leadership is brilliant in acting against its own self-interest and it may goof once again.
22000	The present session is the fourth of the series, and was opened at Somerset House by the Prince Consort, in an able and earnest address.
22001	The Preservation Advisory Centre supported the preservation of library and archive collections of all types through the provision of preservation management tools, training and information services.
22002	The press release (which …
22003	The pressure following the Michelin announcement (17.5 percent rise in profits and 7,500 layoffs) was such that Robert Hue (CP national secretary) had to call for action.
22004	The pretty costal village of Pentewan is a popular holiday destination for all.
22005	The pretty towns of are also nearby.
22006	The price difference between the multiple domain name registrars has multiple reasons.
22007	The price discrepancy is wider still with comparable funds.
22008	The price of 800mm tray is 55.66 (OP-20749 - Square 800 x 800mm Tray - 2502).
22009	The price of any house is more often than not dictated by demand and where Georgian houses are concerned demand almost always seems to outstrip supply.
22010	The price of motor insurance is subject to seasonal trends and average motor insurance premiums usually fall in the first quarter of the year due to the new car registrations in March, which leads to more demand for motor insurance and more competition.
22011	The price of raw materials continues to be the primary source of price pressures, with 64% reporting it as a cause (in line with the 63% last quarter).
22012	The prices of three bedroom penthouses start at £715,000.
22013	The pricing model is attractive with “pay-per-use” and companies also benefit from lower call tariffs.
22014	The primary aim of Access Cambridge Archaeology is to enhance educational, economic and social well-being through active participation in archaeology.
22015	The primary focus is on building a working application, and so existing strong programming ability is required.
22016	The primary responsibility is to ensure the safety of all those who an organisation is responsible for.
22017	The primary support fins are 8mm thick which support a secondary steel arm which carries the main walkway and provides support to the head and base of the glass fins.
22018	The primary transcriptome of Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium and its dependence on ppGpp during late stationary phase.
22019	The Prime Minister failed to answer it, so let us try him again and give him another go.
22020	The Prime Minister said that last week’s speech was not about draft withdrawal agreements produced by the EU, and I understand that.
22021	The Prime Minister’s top priority is to stop the Conservative Party falling apart.
22022	The principal contractors' main role is to plan, manage, monitor, and coordinate health, safety, and welfare during the takes place and there is more than one contractor involved under their control.
22023	The principal obligation giving rise to additional costs is the requirement to deliver PSB (Public Service Broadcasting) programming.
22024	The principles of branding, brand benefits and components.
22025	The print features painted flowers and leaves inspired by traditional British designs, helping you to create looks that have timeless appeal.
22026	The Prism is an essential piece of mountain clothing for the outdoor enthusias.
22027	The prison authorities, however, had considered him a ‘unique prisoner not to be trusted’; according to the Deputy Governor, ‘This man must be under the closest supervision.
22028	The prize cannot be sold for monetary gain.
22029	The problem is that there is often a real lack of awareness of these technologies, which are there to bridge the barriers between those who can hear and those who can’t.
22030	The problem is that too many businesses focus on keeping up with their competitors instead of their customers.
22031	The problems are thought to have been fuelled by price hikes, confusion over O2's 'unlimited' usage policy and its failure to launch a fibre optic service.
22032	The problems have been made worse by Egypt, to Gaza's south, tightly restricting people crossing into its territory at Rafah, only opening it for short and unpredictable periods.
22033	The procedure for determining the composition of the Appeals Body will follow that laid down in the College Statutes for the composition of the Board of Discipline.
22034	The proceeds are for a memorial bench in memory of Jane Cawood.
22035	The Process Document is in Word format and the document enables us to gather and centralise all information regarding your Website content.
22036	The process to bring the work to the county has been a long one but one which Woodbridge Mayor Clare Perkins said she wasn’t going to give up on easily.
22037	The Procurement Service is formed of a single centralised team comprising of Advisers, Officers and Assistants reporting to the overall Transactions and Procure to Pay Manager and the Head of Finance (Transactions).
22038	The Producers’ Street Market on Bethel Street, which we at Lovewell Blake are proud to be sponsoring, is also bigger than ever.
22039	The product Boys Retro Cotton Shirt, 24 months has been added to comparison list.
22040	The product Ditto Wave Light Grey Tile has been added to comparison list.
22041	The product doesn’t ever touch the floor on our site – the first time it does will be inside the customer’s home!
22042	The production explores both the power of music and the strength of friendship in unthinkable circumstances.
22043	The production is opening the RSC’s Rome season and it’s directed by Angus Jackson in the wake of his sell-out productions such as Oppenheimer and Don Quixote.
22044	The products are sourced to meet the individuals Clients requirements to enable a suitable solution based on the Clients situation.
22045	The products have changed over the years to expand into new areas so whilst the heart of cash plans hasn't changed, it's really nice to see how the company has changed and moved with the times.
22046	The professional essay writing service is performing its leading to help you.
22047	The Professional Standards Department look at each allegation and decide how your complaint will be dealt with.
22048	The Professorship of Experimental Quantum Physics shall be limited to one tenure.
22049	The profit from the gain is shared out by mentioning the share of the property used for individual purpose.
22050	The programme encompasses a range of activities, including archery, cave tours and archaeology sessions.
22051	The programme is for any man who is concerned about his behaviour towards his partner or ex-partner and wants to change.
22052	The programme offers grant funding and specialist advice to help support growth.
22053	The programme recognises the broad range of organisations that clerks work in; from small standalone schools to large multi academy trusts.
22054	The programme runs over the academic year, from October to May and is open to all Manchester Metropolitan University students who have completed their first year of undergraduate study.
22055	The programme uses a broad range of assessments including business reports, essays, practical exercises, presentations, case studies, examinations, seminar performance and simulation exercises.
22056	The programme will also be shown in The Netherlands tomorrow and in Germany on Wednesday.
22057	The programme will help you and your staff put patients at the centre of decision-making and help build a better you in doing so.
22058	The programming on True Movies 1 is configured to appeal specifically to a female audience, with films based within the Romance, made-for-TV Drama and docusoap genres forming the bulk of its output.
22059	The program varies with a view to entertain members of all ages.
22060	The project aimed to do this by carrying out and publishing results of extensive testing to promote products that were efficient but also of high quality.
22061	The project aims to create a new evaluation of Quality of Life (QoL) in family carers of people with dementia.
22062	The project aims to improve understanding of the role of gender and hormonal influences in the pathogenesis of painful hand OA, in order to predict individual outcomes and identify new treatment strategies.
22063	The project aims to promote personal safety online, with a focus on reducing harm of sexual exploitation and abuse online for those who are particularly vulnerable.
22064	The project at Bath was an EPSRC project however it also involved GKN and Airbus as industrial partners.
22065	The project demands highly-developed, postgraduate/postdoctoral-level numeracy skills and logical thinking, and the ability to communicate complicated issues in simple, accessible ways.
22066	The project evaluated the impact of a community-based arts and craft project on a group of socially isolated elderly people with dual sensory impairment.
22067	The project forms part of the ‘Hidden Abbey Project’, which has been set up to discover the full extent and significance of the Royal Abbey, founded by Henry in 1121, which was the final resting place of the king and his Queen Adeliza.
22068	The project has been well supported by the local community, local businesses and previous customers of the North Road Post Office.
22069	The projections for West Lothian and Aberdeenshire show the largest percentage increases in between 1996 and 2010 at over 20 per cent each.
22070	“The project is an important and necessary step in the evolution of Cheltenham Racecourse to ensure we can continue to operate at the very highest levels of British sport and fulfil our responsibilities to British racing for many more years to come."
22071	The project is a partnership with the Pitt Rivers Museum and has been funded by the Economic and Social Research Council and the Arts and Humanities Research Council under the Global Challenges Research Fund.
22072	The project is due to be finished at the end of this year and is achieving excellent Considerate Constructors scores with great effort being made by the Mi-space site manager Les Leach, not to disrupt the lives of neighbours and the local community.
22073	The project is led by Professor Nicholas O'Regan and Dr Glenn Parry of Bristol Business School (BBS), part of the University of the West of England.
22074	•The project must be completed in 36 months or less.
22075	The project, named Sound Around 2018, got under way in November last year, when students attended a rehearsal for the RPO’s ‘Music of John Williams’ concert at the Marina.
22076	The project seeks funding to distribute the data publishing software Datashare to approximately 100 authorities and extend its functionality.
22077	The project's primary goal is to sequence 25 novel genomes representing UK biodiversity, as part of the Wellcome Sanger Institute's wider 25th Anniversary celebrations.
22078	The project was carried out within a working week whilst the canal remained “live”.
22079	The Promenades are packed with cafe's and restaurants boasting an eclectic mix of everything from Italian cuisine to Scandinavian delicacies.
22080	The promoter’s decisions made pursuant to the Rules shall, once made, be final and binding.
22081	The proof that Cahora Bassa does not benefit merely the people living in Songo or in Tete was that, since the change of ownership five years ago, 52 more districts have been connected to the national grid based on Cahora Bassa.
22082	The Proper Officer must publish the number of signatures needed on a petition for a referendum on whether the Borough should change from a Leader and Cabinet system to a Mayor and Cabinet or a Committee system.
22083	The property also includes a garage, with access to the rear service lane.
22084	The property benefits from a garage accessed via the rear service road, a generous sized open plan kitchen/diner and a downstairs sh.
22085	The property benefits from an allocated parking and viewing is essential to fully appreciate.
22086	The property benefits from an open-plan kitchen diner, three piece bathroom suites and period sash windows.
22087	The property benefits from a open plan living/ kitch.
22088	The property benefits from being within walking distance of Tring High Street.
22089	The property benefits from Central Heating and uPVC Double Glazing throughout.
22090	The property benefits from downstairs wc, kitchen, living/dining room, conservatory and to the first floor three bedrooms and a family bathroom.
22091	The property benefits from driveway parking and an enclosed rear court yard.
22092	The property benefits from views of the Caribbean Sea from the upper floor, has a good size swimming pool, gardens and covered patio.
22093	The property boasts sophistication, along with a perfect balance of sympathetic and contemporary upgrades, yet still maintaining the classic original charm throughout.
22094	The property boasts the potential for the addition of one bedroom and bathroom on the first floor and two more bedrooms and a bathroom in the loft, subject to planning permission.
22095	The property boasts UPVC double glazing and gas fired radiator central heating and is offered for sale with no onward chain.
22096	The property briefly comprises: large living room and dining area.
22097	The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, kitchen and good sized lounge.
22098	The property comprises a large entry hall, reception room leading on to private terrace, luxury semi open-plan kitchen, separate clo.
22099	The property comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, living room, dining room, kitchen, storage area and study room.
22100	The property comprises of a lounge, bathroom, separate w.c and separate kitchen.
22101	The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs shower room, rear entrance porch and three bedrooms.
22102	The property does require some modernisation and refurbishment but does benefit from the installation of replacement UPVC windows, and a replacement gas boiler.
22103	The property has been repossessed by the mortgage company.
22104	The property has character features such as inglenook fireplaces with bread oven and exposed beams.
22105	The property is a first floor duplex apartment and benefits from two double bedrooms, with the master benefiting from a large dressing are, two bathrooms and has recently been decorated throughout.
22106	The property is a fully licensed HMO currently fully let generating an annual rental income of £24,900.
22107	The property is approached at the back by a gravel driveway which leads to parking for several vehicles, and there is an attractive westerly facing courtyard garden, which is ideal for outside entertaining.
22108	The property is located a short way up on the left, almost opposite the end of Upper Market Place.
22109	The property is rated in Council Tax Band A. Council Tax payable (2017/18) is £1,050.
22110	The property is set behind a screen of shrubs and trees with ample hard standing to the front for several vehicles providing access to an integral garage.
22111	The property is spacious and boasts a versatile family sized accommodation set over three floors.
22112	The property itself has been well cared for and offers comfortable accommodation that creates a cosy atmosphere.
22113	The property makes an ideal base for exploring this largely unspoilt part of the Highlands, with many attractions and activities within a short drive.
22114	The property occupies a wide plot with two sections of garden either side of a block paved driveway providing ample off road parking and giving access to further hard standing via wrought iron gates.
22115	The property offers 3 bedrooms (two en-suite and a twin/double with a separate bath/shower room ).
22116	The property offers a shop floor of 705 sq m (7,589 sq ft) with ancillary service and storage areas.
22117	The proportion of working-age adults in poverty has risen slightly to 24%.
22118	The proposal is to install a skate park in Limewood Fields Kingsway.
22119	The proposals I have seen for these new works would impose another 12 months of strain on our communities, businesses and environment and this is not justifiable.
22120	The proposals were implemented by the Government of Lord Palmerston and represented the biggest peacetime military infrastructure project in British history.
22121	The proposed budget, which is set to be debated at CUSU Council on 2 May, reveals that CUSU faces significant shortfalls in the coming year.
22122	The proposed cap will remove the option for some people to take early pension with others facing actuarially reduced pensions.
22123	The proposed new requirements undermine single parents’ role as carers and their ability to undertake training to secure a decent job, and don’t address other major barriers to work, such as a shortage of family-friendly jobs.”
22124	The proprietor was very kind and helpful and made us feel very welcome.
22125	The prosecutor must arrange for this to happen.
22126	“The prospects for 2010 are unclear.
22127	The prospects for sustainable unmetered internet access offerings improved considerably when, on 18 January 2001, BT Ignite launched its wholesale Flat Rate Internet Access Call Origination (FRIACO) service for ISPs and Other Licensed Operators (OLOs).
22128	The protection of pedestrians, cyclists, children and young people is being urgently sought.
22129	The protection provided by online service providers is extremely variable, so you should make it your business to put in place the account security you need.
22130	The protest showed much more clearly how accusations of antisemitsm are used to discredit support for Palestinians and the left.
22131	The provision of homes through Thameswey Housing Limited is on the basis that the affordable rent will be paid by the occupants either fully or with the support of Housing Benefit.
22132	The provisions will have…
22133	The pub chain announced in November The Flora Sandes, in Brigstock Road opposite Thornton Heath station, would be closing.
22134	The pubcos have argued that it is taxes, duty, government legislation and red tape which have affected the trade, these are areas which affect all sectors of the trade, that is tenanted/leased, managed and freehouses.
22135	The publication of the principles comes after the BVRLA’s data working group met with regulators to discuss their role when it comes to advising companies on the safe capture and deletion of data.
22136	The Puffin team have been fabulous in their guidance and support and I can’t wait to share the exploits of Charlie, Noble Warrior and Percy with the wider public.’
22137	The pupils will learn the basics of the Mandarin language through the theme of 'A Trip to China' with fun activities, games and songs.
22138	The purchase amount will be shown on a separate invoice.
22139	The ‘Purdey way’ sees clients meet their craftsman, choosing pieces of wood (walnut for stocks), their engraver and the style of that engraver’s work.
22140	The ‘pure’ fibre optic broadband provider is the latest to join the now almost traditional end of year round of price hikes, joining BT, the Post Office, Sky, TalkTalk and Virgin Media.
22141	The pure Latex perfectly contours to the body, ensuring your spine keeps its natural alignment whilst the open-cell structure offers optimal temperature and moisture control.
22142	The purpose of the Benefit Audit is to ensure that members receive the correct amount of compensation from the PPF.
22143	The purpose of the Framework is not only to provide guidance on the steps of care to be delivered but it is designed also to enhance the quality of service experience and promote consistency of service delivery across Northern Ireland.
22144	The purpose of this inspection was for the ONR to determine the adequacy of implementation of the licensee’s formal arrangements for compliance with LC 32 (Accumulation of waste).
22145	The purpose of this project was three-fold: improving the site for visitors, improving the content management system for land agents and bringing more traffic to the website.
22146	The push-fit can come loose if you flex it a bit on solo use but that only happened once for me.
22147	The puzzle can be created manually or by using online software.
22148	The puzzles contain small pieces which may be a choking hazard for children under 3 years.
22149	The PVG Scheme is managed and delivered by Disclosure Scotland (DS).
22150	The PwC Alumni network is dedicated to supporting former employees that remain connected with the firm through professional networking programs, social media, learning and events.
22151	The quadrangular match is now played for in memory of Terry Murray, who had connections with all four clubs that compete and founded the event many years ago.
22152	The qualification assignments are specifically contextualised for the automotive environment.
22153	The qualifying officer does not have to be based in the same area as you, but the attestation cannot be delegated to a more junior person within their organisation.
22154	The quality of speech output depends on the language being used, with English being better developed since most voice synthesisers are developed in English.
22155	The quality of the final product is also in question, with no formal body governing and regulating the quality this may prove a dangerous product to use, and certainly to try and manipulate.
22156	The quality of the “help” received is also likely to be reflective of the amount of peptide antigen presented.
22157	The Queen continues to take carriage exercise and visit the theatres.
22158	The Queen has Chartered Hebridean Princess twice in recent years too.
22159	The question now is how Mr Trump’s manoeuvring will be received.
22160	The question of borders is central to understanding the referendum.
22161	THE question of Poor-laws for Ireland has enabled Mr. O'CON- NELL to appear in a new character.
22162	The question was properly heard and the Prime Minister’s answer must be properly heard.
22163	The question will display below the count-down clock.
22164	The quickest way to do this is to make an application for a parental responsibility order under s4.
22165	The quoted cost mostly includes any materials that were used and labour costs (call-out and hourly rate), but see comments for more information.
22166	The R100, built by the Airship Guarantee Co. Ltd made its maiden flight from Howden to Cardington.
22167	The rabbit comes with 3 different intensities and 9 pulsations, so a wide selection for preferences.
22168	The Rabbit Welfare Association & FundThe Rabbit Welfare Association & Fund (RWAF) is the largest organisation dedicated to improving the health and welfare of the UK’s pet rabbits.
22169	“The racehorse is one of the finest athletes on the planet with a highly specialised physiology to enable it to perform at such high levels.
22170	The race is organised by Sussex Beacon which hopes this year to earn a record amount of funds.
22171	The race still stands as the greatest flat race in the world and the one every jockey wants to win.”
22172	The race then took a disastrous turn as he was spun around on lap two and fell to the back of the field, but Blomqvist pushed his ATEC-003 and increased power before running out of energy on the last lap before his pit stop.
22173	The RAC have been selling Car Batteries for Audi A4 Cabriolet's online in the UK since 2003 and have the correct battery for your car in stock, available for same day fitting at home, work or even at the roadside.
22174	The raffle is due to open next month and you can register your interest at www.winmyhouse.online and receive updates on the competition.
22175	The Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) independently investigates accidents to improve railway safety, and inform the industry and the public.
22176	The railway line is long gone, but the name of the station lives on in the name subsequently given to the local hamlet.
22177	The rain kept falling and falling.
22178	The ramp would also need a level "landing" at intervals, which would extend the overall length even further, although the ramp does not have to be in one continuous line but could "double back" on itself or could even take the form of a spiral.
22179	The Range has everything you'll need to get started.
22180	The range of activities carried out by higher education institutions is varied reflecting their varied missions and circumstances.
22181	The Rangers are on hand to offer advice on walks, wildlife, hill conditions, stalking activities and a variety of other topics.
22182	The range’s Stage IIIB 4.5-litre John Deere PWX diesel-only four-cylinder engine produces 10 extra hp for transport applications.
22183	Therapeutic approaches for activity.
22184	Therapeutic radiographers are specialists in hospital healthcare teams who use advanced technology and machines to plan and deliver radiation treatment for cancer patients with pinpoint accuracy.
22185	The rare orange sheep of Walshaw!
22186	The Raspberry Pi, Professor Prabhu points out, is a superb example of a innovation.
22187	The rate of marriages has also gone down--from seven per 1,000 population in 1970 to 4.3 in 1997 in the South.
22188	The rate of producing, transfering or using electrical energy.
22189	The rates at which employers and employees have to contribute are set to increase over a few years, with the increases originally scheduled to take place on 1 October 2017 and 1 October 2018.
22190	The rates of the Wycombe CIL are set out in our CIL charging schedule.
22191	The rather unadventurously-named tin whistle dates back at least as far as an example from around 1500 which now resides in the National Museum of Scotland.
22192	The rather uncomfortable (and somewhat controversial) experiment involved a participant trying to teach pairs of words to a fellow participant.
22193	The RBST chose the striking, hardy White Park, with its wide-spreading horns, as its emblem when it was formed in 1973.
22194	The RCM understand the practice of midwifery in the UK does not exist in isolation and we have always sought to work with and support midwives all over the world.
22195	The RCN has strongly criticised a series of draft financial savings plans published by the five HSC trusts in Northern Ireland and warned that the proposed cost-cutting measures will “push a failing health and social care system over the edge”.
22196	“There a few big games and a lot of sides around us play each other and if we can pick up three points we can get back in the play-offs.
22197	Thereafter construction of the actual railway line and tunnel through the Chilterns will take place.
22198	Thereafter various other 6 months placements are available including CAMHS-ID, Forensic ID (including work in low/medium/high secure units as well as community forensic ID teams) and Intensive Support Services.
22199	The real attraction though, is the fabulous garden, designed by Lorimer, especially the Italianate statue walk.
22200	The real beauty of Critical Illness+ is that cover can be tailored according to your client's needs - and budget - by choosing from a range of options and benefits which have all been designed to deliver quality cover.
22201	The reality is often far more complicated.
22202	The reality's not as bad as you might be imagining!
22203	The real question is – which coast will you choose?
22204	The rear camber does have a dramatic effect on a vehicles’ stability and handling.
22205	There are 14 allocated car spaces (7 per suite) within a secure car park.
22206	There are 14 co-ordinated counts organised per year.
22207	There are 2 at Uyeasound and 20 at Snarravoe.
22208	There are 4 steps you should take before moving abroad.
22209	There are 54 acres of parkland in this pretty part of the city with spectacular views as well as the beautiful Ashton Memorial folly, built by Lancaster’s linoleum industrialist Lord Ashton in 1909.
22210	There are a few birds which peck loudly when feeding.
22211	There are a few ticket types that remain unchanged and which are not included in the new arrangements.
22212	There are a limited number of places available for this event so allocation will be on a first come first served basis.
22213	There are a lot of insights hidden below the surface, beyond the aggregate.
22214	There are a lot of things that you should consider before you start building a loft conversion to your home.
22215	There are already some great insights into what new regulatory changes we can expect in 2014.
22216	There are already thousands of flat owners caught up in leasehold properties paying extortionate ground rents and onerous service charges.
22217	There are also 47 pharmacies located outside of Westminster which are within 500m of the Westminster borough border.
22218	There are also banks in Sleaford, (6 miles away), with cash points.
22219	There are also bread rolls and still/sparkling water on the tables.
22220	There are also heaps of homeowners that sold last year and camped down in rented accommodation waiting for the storm to pass. They are now starting to come back to the market with the hope they will snatch a bargain.
22221	There are also local amenities including, local shops and cafes, supermarkets and a thriving local community, this really is a great place to live!
22222	There are also opportunities to become involved in research and education.
22223	There are also reports of a plan to expand the 26 agriculture expertise centres that Israel has set up in 15 Indian states.
22224	There are also several clubs at lunch-time and after school where students enjoy making music in less formal ways.
22225	There are also some fantastic wheelchair-friendly caravans available at Todber Valley including great accessibility features and functions to ensure you a comfortable stay.
22226	There are also some services that cross the Channel between Dover and Calais.
22227	There are also two access points, one of which is ramped allowing easy disabled access to the restaurant.
22228	There are also various option packs – the most curious is the £50 door-edge protectors, which automatically deploy when the doors open, and work pretty well.
22229	There are always other horizons in front of you, other horizons to go beyond and that's what I like about climbing.
22230	There are always some little things that you can pick up, different ways to approach things that can make a big difference.
22231	'There are an awful lot of feelings of isolation and loneliness.'
22232	There are an estimated one million cases of food poisoning per year and the Food Standards Agency is taking action to bring these levels down.
22233	There are a number of amenities and recreational facilities such as a tennis and bowls club.
22234	There are a number of competitively priced advertising packages available.
22235	There are a number of real and important factors in his favour which show that the office of mayor could be put to use to oppose the free market policies of New Labour and Tony Blair--if the political will was there to do so.
22236	There are a number of really good small presses out there, and there’s also the option of a small but growing number of publishers who do e-books only.
22237	There are a number of reasons why you may need to release equity from your home, whatever the reason we are cash property buyers who can help sell your house fast.
22238	“There are a range of option that we have presented to residents and businesses in the borough already through a series of exhibitions and we are now working towards producing a final set of recommended options that we will publish in the Summer.”
22239	There are around 3000 medical paediatric admissions per annum.
22240	There are around 3500 miles of hedgerows in our National Park.
22241	There are at least 99 wink-wink alternative rural names for Arum maculatum.
22242	There are a variety of products including the state-of-the-art Edelweiss or Componeers that are used in this technique to alter the shape form and colour of your teeth.
22243	There are a variety of roles available to volunteer with us.
22244	There are bright and beautiful quilts in every room, alongside a huge variety of other pieces showcasing Kaffe’s artistic skills.
22245	There are bulbs naturalised in drifts around the grounds including about 20,000 daffodils near the Chapel which are planted under various Acers, Magnolia's and Cornus kousa's to mention a few.
22246	There are carpets of bluebells under the trees, made even bluer by clever woodland management to let in just the right amount of light.
22247	There are certain conditions around this option, so please check for your personal circumstances.
22248	There are certainly 4 styles of the discrimination throughout our earth.
22249	There are child only classes and family classes which means you can work together as a family or you can do your own thing whilst the kids do theirs.
22250	There are clear advantages to clients and consumers in being able to claim from a compensation fund for financial loss arising from misuse or misappropriation of client money.
22251	There are currently 6 paid staff who benefit along with around 25 freelance teachers and performers.
22252	There are currently no items, please check back later.
22253	There are currently no laws in place stipulating what training and qualifications a counsellor must have in order to deal with anger management.
22254	There are currently no published papers in relation to this workstream.
22255	There are currently no replies, be the first to post a reply.
22256	There are delays of around 30 minutes, as of 11.10am.
22257	There are Devines elsewhere in Ireland, too.
22258	There are different requirements – some countries only protect designs with a high “artistic character” under copyright, in other countries the threshold is low.
22259	There are different service providers that do different types of things and operate their communications networks differently from us.
22260	There are different ways to apply to us depending on your course and level of study.
22261	There are eight new employment laws due out in 2008 alone, not to mention the New Trading Laws which came into force in May.
22262	There are entrances off Atrebatti Road and Abingdon Road.
22263	There are even more benefits if you share a bed, as the independent movement of every spring means no more nighttime disturbance from a restless partner — each of you can move about as much as you like while the other sleeps soundly!
22264	There are even pieces of furniture designed specifically for kids and kid’s rooms.
22265	There are examples of statements at the end of this document.
22266	“There are fantastic benefits,” he said, “investigating crime is an intellectual challenge; there is a tremendous team spirit and the benefits, pension and living conditions are fantastic.
22267	There are foam parties and children’s shows in the harbour, swimming…
22268	There are four sets of illustrations, each with clear explanatory text covering the army, home life, buildings and crafts and industries, along with four colour posters of artists' representations, bringing famous Roman sites to life.
22269	There are four types of allowance.
22270	There are further opportunities to market your business in Cornwall via Social Media paid advertising such as Facebook Paid Ads which we can advise and manage also.
22271	There are gardens to the front and rear, a garage and parking space The property also benefits from gas central heating and double glazing.
22272	There are goof recreational facilities with more spacious rooms and with better decorations and furnishings.
22273	There are Holocaust memorial events in Greece this weekend.
22274	There are hundreds of fantastic pieces to choose from, including piercings for every location, as well as anklets, bracelets and rings.
22275	There are just 28 comfortably furnished bedrooms, each offering private bathrooms, TV and hairdryers.
22276	There are lawned gardens to the front and rear, as well as a good size timber decked patio which overlooks the rear garden, whilst to the front is ample off road parking and a detached double garage.
22277	There are loads of healthy recipes that you can print out and create, along with a Food Diary and Activity Charts so that you can monitor how active you are and what you eat over a week - the results may surprise you!
22278	There are lots of available on the market that vary in size, features and style, and if you’re looking for something low cost, buying a portable gas BBQ can be the ideal solution.
22279	There are lots of different disabilities.
22280	There are lots of different signs which may point to clinical depression – the main ones are listed below.
22281	There are lots of property regulations to keep your tenant safe.
22282	There are many apps that you can use to create and manage advertisements on your website.
22283	There are many different types of cancer and some can be treated in such a way that a patient has many more years to live.
22284	There are many different types of Income Protection and it is vital that the correct type of cover is chosen for your occupation.
22285	There are many different types of lock cylinder on the market, so most people are now asking which cylinder for their front or back door is the most secure and ultimately will help protect them against lock snapping?
22286	There are many different ways to remember your loved one and to raise money for Willowbrook Hospice.
22287	There are many out there and I and I am sure others would like to view it to see what it depicts.
22288	There are many reasons to fundraise for your local Royal Voluntary Service – not least ALL the money you raise goes to support local older people in the community.
22289	There are many reasons you might choose to rent your home instead of buying it: perhaps you don’t have access to a deposit or mortgage, you can’t sell your current home, or you just want the flexibility that renting can bring you.
22290	There are modern teaching areas, science labs and well-equipped engineering and construction workshops.
22291	There are moments when you sense that we might be on the edge of some genuine transformation.
22292	There are more partners, more logins and more tools.
22293	There are more refreshment choices on the Short Walk options.
22294	There are no Accreditation for Prior (Experiential) Learning (AP(E)L) concessions, exemptions or advanced progression with regard to training and experience prior to entry onto the course, nor once on the course.
22295	There are no call out charges.
22296	There are no entry requirements for taking this training.
22297	There are no financial incentives (or sanctions) for hospitals and Trusts to support collection of radical cystectomy data, and this may also account for the data being incomplete.
22298	There are no limits…be inspiring, be world class, be the difference.
22299	There are no mixed cases in the classic selection and the gift selection is more gift boxed wine or hampers.
22300	There are no PD rights for outbuildings in the grounds of listed properties, while in AONBs, conservation areas and national parks, they must not be larger than 10m2 if they are more than 20m from the house – among other restrictions.
22301	There are no scholarships available for the BusD programme.
22302	There are no specific entry requirements for this Level 2 Food Safety and Hygiene for Drinks Manufacturers course.
22303	There are not enough farms in some farm types to show a regional breakdown (e.g. pigs).
22304	There are no termination charges however the supplier will be requested to pay the agreed fees for all the leads generated up until the date of termination.
22305	There are not many Labour Members present; there are three of us now.
22306	There are no toilets available once on the tour.
22307	There are now 12 cancellations listed before 12.15pm.
22308	There are no ways round this.
22309	There are now more than 21 million refugees worldwide.
22310	There aren't any jamaican restaurants online in HP10 High Wycombe today.
22311	There are occasional kissing gates and waymarks, including the acorn which distinguishes the coast path.
22312	There are often times when I regret the decision but am usually still stupid enough to keep going with it.
22313	There are only two rules:All work must be original.
22314	There are other alternatives before you start thinking about giving up your cat.
22315	There are other connected factors that will affect take-up of potential options.
22316	There are other homebuyers, home report or structural survey options available if you want to commission these.
22317	There are other methods of virus maintenance and transmission, but they are considered of lesser significance in maintaining the disease.
22318	"There are over 60,000 items in Lancelyn Green's collection but this original manuscript is arguably one of the finest.
22319	There are plenty of café’s, pubs and shops to stop in while you are in Neath so take advantage of this point of the tour to stop for a quick shop and a bite to eat.
22320	There are plenty of log cabin locations for you to choose from and you'll find there are plenty of that are inside reach of where you live.
22321	There are plenty of roles to suit a vast range of skills, from childcare to customer service, chef to extreme sports instructor.
22322	There are plenty of tempting offers when it comes to contract hire, all of which are designed to get you behind the wheel of a better van for less.
22323	There are pretty lawns and gardens around all the cottages, each having its own picnic bench for your convenience.
22324	There are regular shows and exams to keep the children motivated and excited and allowing them to show off what they have learnt.
22325	There are sales on warm winter destinations on right now so grab yourself a First Choice discount and you can escape the winter cold for a poolside paradise.
22326	There are several excellent resources to help do this, including the South Mayo Family Research Centre in Ballinrobe.
22327	There are several printed guides, both specialized and general, to UK libraries, some of which are listed here.
22328	There are so many pubs, cafes, nightclubs and restaurants in Cardiff that there is always somewhere offering cheap food and drink, with many of the nightclubs offering students nights.
22329	There are so many stories around sex, it's hard to know what to believe.
22330	There are so many ways for brands to connect with customers, across multiple platforms.
22331	There are some common symptoms of Alzheimerâ€™s disease, but it is important to remember that everyone is unique.
22332	There are some contracts which we are very rarely asked to review, and quite understandably so.
22333	There are some neat historical treasures located inside and the view is pretty nice from the top.”
22334	There are some people for whom the prospect of litigation, of appearing in court, holds no terrors.
22335	There are some remotely managed lets with a not so good reputation.
22336	There are some socially responsible investing funds who combine both approaches.
22337	There are spare pillows, bedding and a hairdryer.
22338	There are strict controls on the ways animal by-products can be collected, transported, stored, handled, processed and recovered or disposed of.
22339	There are strong tidal currents around the island, rich in plankton (the start of the food chain), allowing many species to thrive.
22340	There are targets for people of any ability and it would be great for it to be the push for anyone who hasn’t cycled in years to get back on the saddle.”
22341	There are those who see an incompatibility between science and the Bible.
22342	There are three bedrooms in the apartment, including the master bedroom which has two lovely large windows and an en-suite shower room equipped to a good standard.
22343	There are times when having a good person around to help you with the laws and details to filing a claim.
22344	There are times when you make records and you kind of know deep down you’re not hitting the mark.
22345	There are tolls to pay on Australia motorways.
22346	There are two cash machines available.
22347	There are two different lengths they could be also depending on what age you bike/rims are; if you have the older single wall rims (pre-2013) you need the 149mm spokes which are SJSC part 31254.
22348	There are two large dining rooms, and the catering team provide a variety of nutritious and balanced meals.
22349	There are two main paths you can take when approaching housing: you can either view a list of properties officially owned and maintained by Warwick Accommodation, or rent directly through a private landlord.
22350	There are two main problems: their appetites and their sexual shenanigans.
22351	There are two main reasons why we throw away good food, we prepare or cook too much or we don't use it in time.
22352	There are two major types of captive: single parent and group captive.
22353	There are two options: spenny designer scents or more affordable celebrity fragrances.
22354	There are two plank-floored bars inside, one a light airy space with half-wall panelling and a solid new bar, the other with charming pine tables, a blackboard menu and a fat log-burner.
22355	There are two shared core modules, in which you design your Learning Contract and learn about research methods, and everything else is negotiated by you.
22356	There are two sitting rooms facing the street, which we enjoyed for visiting and conversing.
22357	There are two types of fares we can use for this option: a 'through-fare' or a 'published fare'.
22358	There are various good pubs to stop at for refreshments all along the docks including the floating bar and restaurant, the Grain Barge and the Nova Scotia, where Sustrans was first pioneered over a pint.
22359	There are various types of wrist rests available which can take the strain off your wrist when typing at a keyboard.
22360	There are very clear rules on depriving yourself of capital, savings or other assets in order to claim benefits.
22361	There are well-known major risks attached to building next to heaths, and you need to be sure that the pressure from people, their pets, from fire risk and a myriad of other things won't have a huge impact on the creatures which live there.
22362	There are widespread failures, and they need to be exposed, to make it as unlikely as possible that they ever happen again.
22363	There are wonderful walks around the farm and guests love to bring their cameras for wildlife watching.
22364	The rear garden has been paved and shingled for ease of maintenance.
22365	The rear garden is very private and easy to maintain.
22366	The rear lights have a thinner design, which contributes to a greater sense of width.
22367	The rear of the waiting hall led the workhouse chapel and stairs to the upper floors.
22368	The reason I asked about the name was that I attended the College of Art in Ford St until it closed in 1968, approx.
22369	The reason is not known.
22370	There can be no guarantees of success, but if this plan is properly and fully implemented, it will, in my view, be the best chance to make a difference.
22371	The recently formed Alternative Market was established to develop and support young stallholders and performers aged 13-29 years.
22372	The recent restoration of King’s Cross and St Pancras is testament to their prowess.
22373	The recent spree of burglaries on Buntingford High Street has been called a “worrying trend” by the chairman of the town’s chamber of commerce Toby Archer.
22374	The reception concluded with a heartfelt, and at times emotional, speech from the Guizer Jarl.
22375	The reception staff, particularly one male receptionist (possibly the manager), was very unfriendly and rude.
22376	The recipient is asked to phone back and press ‘1’ to speak to the officer dealing with the case.
22377	The recipient will receive the voucher in an email titled "A National Theatre Gift for you" and we'll also send you an email confirming your purchase.
22378	The Recognition Scheme ensures that Scotland’s most important collections are identified, cared for and promoted to wider audiences.
22379	The reconstruction and operation of the mill has provided jobs for more than 7,500 workers, the vast majority of them Mozambicans.
22380	The record year for female directors in Nottingham was 1860 when 35.7% of all directors were female.
22381	There could be costs or even penalties for changing mortgage products.
22382	The rectangular design generates a higher degree of floor space, allowing you to utilise it more practically.
22383	The Red2Green approach is a visual management system to assist in the identification of wasted time in a patient’s journey.
22384	The red brick stables were converted to barracks to house prisoners when the site was converted to a POW camp in October 1939.
22385	The re-design was drawn up by owner Simon Giamaetti, and much of the furniture was created with his own hands.
22386	The redevelopment could see Lotherton attract an extra 70,000 visitors each year.
22387	The reduced consumption often lowers the overall cost compared with nondispenser systems while the tightly-sealed dispenser protects the paper from contamination before use.
22388	The reduced noise and fumes, incredible convenience, low cost and market-leading rechargeable 48V battery pack single out this chainsaw as a leader in its field.
22389	The referee blew for half time in what was a very action packed first half of football.
22390	The reference library was officially opened in 1884, and from that time the library service has built up extensive collections of rare books and heritage material.
22391	The referendum vote on 23 June was, in part, a howl of frustration—a cry of rage against an unfair system where some favoured electors’ votes count more than those of others.
22392	The refinements include storage boxes in the roof and keyless entry.
22393	Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard.
22394	Therefore for professional service and quality finish, please call Peninsula.
22395	Therefore ITC recommends that the Department Committee add a line to the department budget to cover this cost, spread over future years.
22396	Therefore, I think the definition is a little bit unclear.
22397	Therefore, our tips above should be considered for health reasons, as well as comfort.
22398	Therefore, the band for the tax year 2012/2013 will be £5,564 and £42,475 respectively.
22399	Therefore, the Council's role is to try and prevent fraud from taking place, detect those who are making false claims and reduce the number of fraudulent claims made each year.
22400	Therefore, the excellent work of the group should be focussed on continuing to provide evidence and data to help inform Government on the fee ban and how best to make it work.
22401	Therefore, the motives behind making these portraits are similar for both the subject and the photographer, in that their intentions are essentially to create a vehicle of remembrance.
22402	Therefore, the NHS will need to consider whether or not an individual in their particular situation is self-employed when they determine the application of the IR35 rules in that case.
22403	Therefore, the primary impact on the saving ratio is as a result of the move to an actuarial valuation of funded defined benefit schemes.”
22404	Therefore there is a chance that ice could form even though we have gritted roads.
22405	Therefore, there will be NO access for cars to the car park during the first week and there will be a pedestrian walkway in place from the road to the front of the school.
22406	Therefore, this is an opportunity to win a new long-term customer, as well as the project in question.
22407	Therefore WB and AB are to have nothing per their writ, and are in mercy for false claim and because plaintiffs Adam and Alice W. ought to have been supported (sequantur).
22408	Therefore we are not talking of a trade agreement between ourselves and the EU, which is Canada-plus, plus, plus.
22409	Therefore, web designers usually test their pages on different systems before they put their results online.
22410	Therefore, we believe it is paramount that we supply the best possible car that you can purchase within your budget.
22411	Therefore we have developed a series of steps that may help you to get started and decide the best route for your business to get the most out of Van Excellence.
22412	Therefore, we understand the challenges media companies have and what they need.
22413	Therefore, while everyone must have a personal budget, we will manage it and your service arrangements for you, if that is what you want.
22414	Therefore, you cannot reduce or magnify from one U.S. format to the next higher or lower without leaving an empty margin, which is rather inconvenient.
22415	Therefore you need to make it easy for them to find your website and make that purchase.
22416	Therefore, you will have an anecdote about him whether you’ve met him or not.
22417	Therefore, you would need to cancel any existing permit and apply for a pro rata with the relevant parking operator for where you are currently parked before purchasing your new permit at the new location.
22418	The ref shows him a red for dissent.
22419	The refuge is staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week and if space is availble women can move in at any time.
22420	The refurbished fitted dresser units give a nod to the homes original age.
22421	The Regent Hotel in Cambridge, offers everything you'll need for the perfect stay in this beautiful and historic city.
22422	The Regimental Tailor is where you will find all items of Regimental Clothing and costume items such as Blazer badges, cap badges, lapel badges, buttons, cuff-links, ties and tie slides.
22423	The region where you will find Fleurieu Peninsula holiday villas is a great place to get up close to indigenous wildlife.
22424	The registration fee is non-refundable except for payments made in error.
22425	The regulated top speed of 155 mph is a matter of course.
22426	The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (RIPA) governs police covert activity but this does not usually extend to members of the public carrying out vigilante activity.
22427	There has been a flurry of activity since the launch of the University’s Sustainable Food Policy in February.
22428	There has been an increase in Vehicle Crime around the areas of Edinburgh Road and Cedar Road.
22429	"There has been a number of incidents here in Sion Mills recently including the theft of oil from pensioners and damage to the tanks.
22430	There has been a scandal in the Council Chamber this year.
22431	There has been a trend in recent history where mass market housing developments are being constructed in the rural.
22432	There has been much speculation that the Bank of England MPC will increase rates during 2018, due to the growth of inflation and the threat of an overheating economy.
22433	There has never been a more exciting time to join!
22434	There has only been one circumstance when I have eaten them by choice: I started boxing when I was 14 and I would drink raw eggs because it was part of our training diet.
22435	There have already been some famous wins for Scarlets since Wayne Pivac took the reins less than four years ago but victory away to Leinster in today's European Champions Cup semi-final would surely top the lot.
22436	There have been a total of 27 schemes in respect of which RAAs have received approval from us.
22437	“There have been big problems at home and we have made steps forward, little ones, but we need to keep doing that.”
22438	There have been calls for decisive police action after shots were fired into the bedroom of three sleeping children in Larne as part of an ongoing feud.
22439	There have been dizzying highs, but plenty of plunging lows too for the 34-year-old from North walsham – including defeats to arch-rival Nick Matthew in the last two Commonwealth Games singles finals.
22440	There have been many studies proving that regular sex can boost your immune system, lower your blood pressure, improve cardiovascular fitness and reduce the risk of heart attack.
22441	There have been steady improvements within oral health over the past 15 years, but there is still a lot of work to do.
22442	There have been three arrests identified relevant to your request all three were in Taunton, Somerset west.
22443	There have definitely some difficult days, but we come together it all about the positives.
22444	There have, of course, been all sorts of conspiracy theories about why Davis’ picture was taken while he seemed to be unprepared.
22445	"There is £28bn of lost revenue in a year as a result of poor customer service, such as calling during work time to get something sorted out.
22446	There is absolutely no influence in the educational achievement.
22447	There is a button that says 'unsubscribe' at the bottom of every email we send.
22448	There is a car park at Ewe Pen about a mile west of the village.
22449	There is a centre unit with fold back doors to each side with space to house a television.
22450	There is a charge of £10 for this to cover administration and card production costs.
22451	There is a charge of £3.60 per half hour for non members.
22452	There is a cheaper cost to the applicant and reduced administration for the police force issuing it.
22453	There is a continued risk of thunderstorms once again but probably fewer than Sunday and less likely in Devon and Cornwall according to forecasters.
22454	There is a core justification for Britain’s deep friendship with Israel.
22455	There is a deeper kind of wellbeing, which is about living in a way that is good for you and good for others around you.
22456	There is a dental surgery at the Brae Health Centre.
22457	There is a fabulous fitted kitchen with island and well appointed utility room with downstairs WC.
22458	There is a fixed net with free access for local people all year round.
22459	There is a flat white box in the bottom of the main packaging which contains the instructions and power supply.
22460	There is a growing demand for good quality, private rented housing and so, over the last few years, housing associations, attracted by stable, growing returns, have been quietly increasing their investment in this sector.
22461	There is a host of activities taking place at Measham Leisure Centre, in High Street this Easter.
22462	There is a land train if you don’t fancy walking all the way round (it’s not that far to walk though).
22463	There is a large free car park at rear of building, access from Fleetwood Road North.
22464	There is a large window to the front aspect and a feature fireplace with an electric fire.
22465	There is a limit to the length of each trip and how many claims you can make.
22466	There is a link here to smart working, as it's not about the hours put in but about results.
22467	There is a long tradition within the humanities of respect for ‘literary’ fiction, taking its inspiration from Homer, Shakespeare, Eliot, Tolstoy and their modern successors.
22468	‘There is a lot of energy in the team and few dull moments during a game.
22469	There is a lot of natural light now entering this room and the placement of the mirrors enhances this, also providing one of the clients with the perfect space to apply her makeup.
22470	There is also a B&B called run by Mandy Smith (01549 411258) with twin enquites x3 as well as wifi, lockup for cycles.
22471	There is also a fitness suite, health suite, sauna, steam room and warm spa pool.
22472	There is also a huge social element with allotment holders often working together to enhance their plots and sometimes even betting amongst themselves as to who can grow the best fruits and vegetables!
22473	There is also a Members Evening, when something special is arranged, involving members producing arrangements and the visiting demonstrator judges their efforts.
22474	There is also a municipal golf course with driving range, ten pin bowling facility, multiplex cinema, swimming pool and large leisure centre which is the home to the national volleyball team.
22475	There is also an excellent programme of talks and workshops featuring the likes of Client Earth, Kings College London, the GLA and more.
22476	There is also an exciting business development programme in place for the more ambitious Sales and candidate.
22477	There is also an outdoor spa on the back deck to enhance your relaxation even further.
22478	There is also a palpable practicality to CodePen; it functions as one of the best environments to draft front end code.
22479	There is also a second toilet.
22480	There is also a series of small parcels of land available at the auction, including 0.115 acres of woodland in Ashdon; a plot of land off Burwell Road in Exning and 2.7 acres of grassland in Over.
22481	There is also a silver belt.
22482	There is also double glazing and central heating plus everything you need in the kitchen for a great holiday.
22483	There is also little to compare with holding a piece of paper or a book handled by the person you are writing about.
22484	There is also real confusion about the role of the economic regulator Monitor.
22485	There is also some conjecture as to whether a ‘recovery’ run is actually a recovery run or just another training run that we do at a lower intensity.
22486	There is also some counselling support available for the families of these young people.
22487	There is also the size of the images, which on smart phones or tablets renders their spectacular nature hard to appreciate.
22488	There is a medical emergency in our department, can Occupational Health attend?
22489	There is a more serious angle – for instance, many men surveyed suggested they’d lie about wanting a family, or pretending smoking.
22490	There is an ample parking area and a public pay phone available for all guests.
22491	There is an emerging recognition at the UN and international LGBT organizations that the project of expanding sexual rights globally has become perceived as a form of western neo-colonialism.
22492	There is an entrance hall with cloakroom, lounge, spacious refitted kitchen dining/room opening onto a south, south east facing rear garden.
22493	There is a network of routes that take between 1 -5 hours and mingle in with old footpaths throughout the island.
22494	There is an immediate order to place for this work, with 2 off required in the first instance.
22495	There is a no mobile phone policy.
22496	There is an ongoing misconception with many people that a Building Warrant and Planning Permission are one and the same.
22497	There is an open-plan lounge with a fireplace, state-of-the-art dining kitchen and walls displaying photos of their family and personal goals, including ‘reasons for being at work’.
22498	There is a notice board 'Brown Robin Nature Reserve - visitors welcome.
22499	There is a practical issue here and that’s security for the kit we were using.
22500	"There is a real atmosphere on the day and we have have so much going on and so much lovely food.
22501	There is a real danger that the new product will mean that many young people will not start pension saving for their retirement until their thirties or beyond and will struggle to make up for lost time.
22502	There is a really cool tool online that you can use.
22503	There is a report that the building was in a dilapidated state in 1731 and it was either rebuilt or remodelled in 1777-8, the arcade with fluted timber piers.
22504	There is a reunion being organised by Wendy Shortridge on 4 July.
22505	There is a sachet of lube included, but I'd suggest buying a bottle of lube with the toy.
22506	There is a separate walk-in wardrobe and luggage store.
22507	There is a shower room with basin and toilet on the ground floor.
22508	There is a side window and glazed door to the garden.
22509	There is a standard application for a storage licence which you can download from the related documents section of this page.
22510	There is a steep, narrow staircase to the top, where you’ll find the remains of a chapel from the late Norse period.
22511	There is a team of expert game players on hand to explain the rules and lay down a challenge.
22512	There is a viability deadline for each course which is usually two weeks prior to the date.
22513	There is a waymarked trail that covers four and a half miles between Blockley and Batsford, passing the entrance to Batsford Arboretum.
22514	There is a wealth of hairdressing talent based in our five intimate, individual salons within Cobb Hall.
22515	There is certainly a lot of uncertainty around things like Brexit and how the new PRA and tax relief changes will play into the BTL market this year.
22516	There is clearly a campaign to overturn the referendum result, and it can be seen at work in the media and in this House.
22517	There is currently a division between what most local authorities offer, and what social enterprises are best placed to deliver.
22518	There is currently no text in this page.
22519	There is even the option for annual instructions to have the fees spread evenly over the year.
22520	There is evidence that serious and organised criminals are coordinating crimes both within and outside the prison walls.
22521	There is further guidance on this at EIM01472.
22522	There is growing international interest in the plans, which are putting Swansea and Wales on the map.
22523	There is, however, a whole class of familiar mental states that appear to be non-propositional, states such as loving a person, liking chocolate, and fearing snakes.
22524	There is more information on all such products about the amount of fat and sugar that they contain.
22525	There is much evidence to show how it contributes to lowering the immune system and making people more prone to illness as well as a major impact on wellbeing.
22526	There is no annual exempt amount available when the gains are taxable on the settlor under the settlor interested trust provisions.
22527	There is no change in price.
22528	There is no charge for information available on the website.
22529	There is no extra charge for YMT Card holders, but numbers will be limited so book soon to avoid disappointment.
22530	There is no need to book in for any walk, other than the History Walk.
22531	There is no need to contact the International Student Office about one of these.
22532	There is no need to report your bin as missed as we have made a note of all areas where crews need to return to.
22533	There is no one to stop them doing whatever they want.
22534	There is no on-site parking and no pets are allowed.
22535	There is no other way to get to my jobs than a car as I live in Wallisdown.
22536	There is no point in making serious purchasing decisions about a specific panel’s performance unless the same diligence is paid to the interface details of these panels to floors and roofs.
22537	There is no point transferring from a low charging scheme to a higher charging one just to keep things simple.
22538	There is no political opposition worthy of the name.
22539	There is no separate application form for the Nuffield funding scheme.
22540	There is no shortage of high quality leadership and management training, which is undoubtedly appropriate in the right circumstances.
22541	There is not a thing that you could possibly want that has not been thought of already and the owners had gone to the expense of adding satellite TV w…
22542	There is nothing in the lease to suggest that any breach of duty by the managing agents, the freeholders or anyone else involved in that building would remove liability from the leaseholders.
22543	There is nothing more motivating then knowing that you have to run 10k in the near future.
22544	There is now a chance and opportunity to show us councillors and the rest of us are singing from the same hymn sheet.
22545	There is now a less than 50% chance of a rate hike in December, and we think it is too early for the Fed to commit to another rate hike that far out, especially with inflation pressure so low.
22546	There is now a means for hoteliers and restaurateurs to report to TripAdvisor where the establishment has been threatened with a bad review “unless you give us a free meal” or some similar blackmail attempt.
22547	There isn’t a brewing apprenticeship in place at the moment, so we are part of a Brewing Trailblazer Employer Group developing one and hope to have our first brewing apprentice in the near future.
22548	There isn't currently a cure for amyloidosis.
22549	There is, of course, a lesson to be learned.
22550	There is often concern among TSOs that they will not have the organisational ‘muscle’ to win funds in large, ‘pooled’ grant or procurement exercises.
22551	There is one double bedroom with 6 ft wide bed and a shower room with toilet.
22552	There is one formal assessment day per year, but we offer the opportunity for students to sit entrance assessments on an ad hoc basis at other times of the year.
22553	There is one further double bedroom, which is equally well-proportioned and has a dormer window, overlooking the front of the property and the neighbouring fields, and two further Velux windows.
22554	There is one very steep section at the end of the Harthope Burn valley (hence the red traffic light) and the descent from The Cheviot earns amber on account of its seemingly never ending continuous nature.
22555	There is other information that must be published with the accounts.
22556	There is quite a range of engines choices available as well, from the lower end 1.4-litre petrol models up to the sport VXR and 2.0-litre CTDi diesel cars, so there is bound to be one that will suit you best.
22557	There is slso a safety key which can be removed to stop children starting the machine.
22558	There is something about where we’ve come from that moves in our hearts – it just feels nice, your heart is opening.
22559	There is so much going on that we can’t possibly do it justice, but let’s start with the masterpiece, ie, the headpiece, shall we?
22560	There is so much on offer in Berkshire, Oxford, Buckinghamshire and Hampshire.
22561	There is so much to discuss and we urge them to get back round the table.”
22562	There is space for a cooker, plumbing for a washing machine along with space for a fridge freezer.
22563	There is still much work to do as we and our contractors complete the fit-out of the new stations and tunnels and deliver this fantastic new railway.”
22564	There is still, of course, a vital place for financial advice for those who are unsure about what they are doing or do not want to take on the responsibility of choosing where to invest themselves.
22565	There is still time to join the event as registration closes for the on Wednesday 18 May.
22566	There is strong evidence over an extended period that gearing levels have consistently been at prudent, sustainable levels in the buy-to-let sector, with a peak of 43% LTV across all types of landlord over the last 15 years.
22567	There is therefore an expectation that an employer will make the referral to us almost immediately following the dismissal or resignation event.
22568	There is uncertainty about what the cairn will become, both in its creation and subsequent development, and in how it will relate to each sited situation in urban London and rural Dorset.
22569	There is undoubtedly plenty to consider, but the safest way to protect an estate and ensure it is divided up in a fair and satisfactory manner is to have a professional will written as soon as possible.
22570	There is usually more than one specialist in any given field, which helps to broaden the PhD student’s approach to and understanding of his or her topic.
22571	The relationship between “Cissexism” (as you’d have it referred to) and women’s sport has the potential to be quite problematic, surely?
22572	“The relationship between the club and Strategic was also how the opportunity for KTM to redesign their office came about.
22573	The relationships you build up to help them feel secure so that they can freely access fun activities, which help them to learn in their preferred learning style.
22574	The relative humidity in the air remains low and when the air meets a warm surface, condensation does not occur.
22575	The relative poverty of Sub-Saharan Africa today is often attributed to the malevolent legacies of its past.
22576	The relaxed dental practice in East Grinstead has delivered an affordable and professional service to its customers for over 20 years.
22577	The relay starts in Northern Ireland on Thursday 30th October at 8am then crosses the water and continues its convoy around the UK finishing in Birmingham on the 14th November -Children in Need Appeal Day 2014.
22578	The relief will be allowed by treating the property as if it were in the next lower valuation band.
22579	There’ll be someone consulting an enormous, fragile book on one side of the room, and another person tracing their finger across the lines of a prompt book while watching a production recording in the Reading Room’s library area.
22580	The remainder of the course is dedicated to self-directed study, in which the students compile a portfolio of work.
22581	The remainder of the gardens are mainly laid to lawn and are complemented by mature hedge borders.
22582	The remaining 50% will support Redeye's future programme.
22583	The remaining Assets and Liabilities of the Company will be the Vendor's responsibility to resolve after Completion of the sale.
22584	The remaining events, however, are widely scattered, with 19 other locations hosting events.
22585	The remains of a Medieval market cross which stands 100m north of St John's Church.
22586	The remarkable rise of Italy’s Five Star Movement ​is inspiring copycats elsewhere in Europe.
22587	There may be a better option that you can take, including making your policy paid up, taking a partial surrender or selling your policy.
22588	There may be a number of options that suit these criteria, within reason samples for evaluation can be provided.
22589	There may be hidden rubbish like shopping trolleys or broken glass.
22590	There may be occasions when you are asked to carry out a specific task that requires specialist skills or knowledge that are beyond the limits of your competence.
22591	There may be occasions where concrete facing bricks could be used with movement joints spaced further apart than 6m.
22592	There may be short-term uncertainty, but the fundamentals of the market mean that buy-to-let is still an excellent medium- and long-term alternative to traditional savings.
22593	“There may be times when it would be within your legal rights to do something, but it could cause tensions with your neighbour.
22594	“There may come a stage when the contractor’s options have been exhausted and HMRC remains convinced that the contracts under scrutiny are indeed inside IR35,” says Vessey.
22595	There may now be two Bank Rate rises this year.
22596	The removal of free-to-use cashpoints would be a further blow, leaving many people facing an uphill struggle simply to pay for the goods and services they depend upon.
22597	The removal of parking is required to treat the entry/exit points to Rosendale Road/Tritton Road to reduce traffic speeds, improve visibility and make it a safer environment for all.
22598	There must have been relief when the answer came to 4.96!
22599	There needs to be full public consultation.
22600	There needs to be new competitive bus companies so passengers can travel with a good bus company not shit Sanders as it needs to stop so let's be doing it needs it OK!
22601	The renovations have been beautifully finished and create a relaxing and welcoming atmosphere.
22602	The rental duration is calculated on the basis of indivisible periods of 24 hours, starting from the time the Vehicle is made available.
22603	The replacement chain which is now worn was made at a cost of £288.83, which included the morocco leather case.
22604	The replacement of some of the more recent and less architecturally interesting buildings around the Square would be acceptable but they should not diminish the dominant qualities of the library, Midland Hotel or Town Hall Extension.
22605	The report also seeks approval to vary the budget for the scheme and to continue with the procurement process.
22606	The report, based on an earlier report which was brought to the Partnership Executive on 17 September, provided an update on the review of the Trafford Partnership and the latest proposals which were being considered by the Partnership Executive.
22607	The report concludes that levels of risk across all forms of dispatch are low.
22608	The report covers all types of renewable energy, and has been sent out to public consultation.
22609	The report found that people who do well when giving-up the car are those who have practical and emotional support but it highlighted that society as a whole has a role in taking responsibility in helping older people when they have to give-up driving.
22610	The report of 511 micro businesses found that 12 per cent of professionals have recently left the positions to become an entrepreneur by following their hearts and setting up a business in an area they are passionate about.
22611	The report recommended that Barnet formally joins the West London Alliance (WLA), participates in the set-up and operation of the WLA Transport Bureau, and delivers Passenger Transport services jointly with four other London boroughs.
22612	The report recommends that schools have clear ICT and safety policies in place and that they teach young people positive values and (a guide to how to behave online).
22613	The report said: “Between 1 January and 9 May 2018, 440 laboratory confirmed measles cases were reported in England.
22614	The reports available to download below include our list of accredited museums, data about the number of museums and galleries in the scheme, their status and the geographical distribution of scheme participants.
22615	The report says that: “all parents and social workers consulted are very positive about the way pupils are looked after and feel fully informed about their progress.”
22616	The report set always compares current period against previous period.
22617	The reports from the Guardian revealed how the data company exploited information from millions of people in the lead up to the 2016 election.
22618	The reports, maps and databases are intended to deliver information that will assist sustainable resource management, planning and policy development in the Wareham Basin.
22619	The reports say the multi-vehicle accident happened between junction one for the A56 for Ramsbottom and junction two for the A58/B6221 at Bury.
22620	The reports should only be used for the ULS procedure and should be destroyed at the conclusion of the case.
22621	The reports state: ‘The design of the proposed new hotel has evolved over a two-year period to accord with the council’s requirements and to provide an economically viable development that will meet the needs of the target market.
22622	The report stated three options: do nothing, assign responsibility to Property or Countryside Services or assign responsibility to the Highways’ Service area.
22623	The report states that Scotland has all the intrinsic features of the 12 most successful small advanced economies in the world.
22624	The reports were very positive in respect of his performance in the various placements.
22625	The report testifies to the patient’s state of mind.
22626	The Republican-controlled state senate finance committee voted for a 4 percent pay rise last Saturday.
22627	The reputation of Tenerife’s Playa del Ingles precedes it, thanks to its six sandy beaches and non-stop nights.
22628	The request for a review should be addressed to the Local Review Body, Committee Services, West Lothian Civic Centre, Howden South Road, Livingston, West Lothian EH54 6FF.
22629	The requirement under clause 36 (6) for ‘large pub-owning businesses’ to provide parallel rent assessments will only serve to add more complexity and confusion for potential tenants, which runs counter to one of the key objectives of the Statutory Code.
22630	There’s accommodation to suit every style, need, and budget.
22631	There's a foolish resistance towards subtitled films, so a heavy-duty IMAX offering is a bonus for world cinema action fans eager to gorge on ‘the bloodiest battle in the history of mankind’ in 1942.
22632	There’s a good chance they will be in the same division as local rivals Peterborough Sports.
22633	There’s a good reason why they call him “Papa” – because when it comes to string quartets, really is the daddy of them all!
22634	There's a high risk of losing the benefit of valuable collectively agreed terms if you accept an individual contract of employment.
22635	“There’s a huge allotment culture connected with Watford,” says Luke, “one that kind of ties in with the current thinking on growing your own greens and the Green Gym, which has contributed to the transformation of the Colne River area.
22636	There's a huge need for more homes in the capital and this pressure will only increase as the city grows.
22637	There's air-conditioning and tea and coffee making facilities provided and you'll also have bathrobes, slippers and fruit and chocolate on arrival.
22638	There’s also a beachside prom, lined with shops and boutique hotels.
22639	There's also a nice cafe where you can refresh yourself after your exercise.
22640	There's also a Teppanyaki table here for the ultimate Asian-fusion experience.
22641	There’s also a Vetus 55kgf bow thruster, to help with manoeuvring.
22642	There's also the shared Keswick Railway Path which will take you along the River Greta to Threlkeld.
22643	There’s always a way around things.
22644	There's always loads of things happening, far too many for you to get to all of them, and no matter how many events and places you think you know about, it seems that there are always more to find out about.
22645	Theresa May became Prime Minister after David Cameron resigned following the EU Referendum.
22646	Theresa May will know that better than anyone as she complacently and arrogantly assumed that this election was a foregone conclusion and the electorate would indeed strengthen her bargaining hand with the Brexit negotiations.
22647	There’s a million and one things that can be done with the Artis range.
22648	There’s A Monster in Your Book uses the power of a child’s imagination to create a magical interactive storytelling experience.
22649	There’s a much bigger art market, which is a good thing, because there are more opportunities of showing your work.
22650	There’s an example of the new look invoice on this page.
22651	There’s a notable focus on organic produce and the countryside – possibly testament to Chelsea’s proximity to the M4 headed west.
22652	There's a pic in the link to give you an idea.
22653	There’s a really nice atmosphere in the café with people making food from their own country.
22654	‘There’s a real team spirit.
22655	There’s a solar shirt that powers your phone, a toaster that manages your home, a carbon-neutral city, pictured, and ideas to tackle poverty, scarce resources and climate change.
22656	There’s a very different kind of literary house museum at D.H. Lawrence’s birthplace in the former mining town of Eastwood.
22657	There’s a wood-burner in the hut to keep you warm and a gas hob for cooking along with all the basics, but why not hike out to the local (forty minutes uphill on the way out) and try the local sparkling cider and some good pub food.
22658	There’s barely any wind or road noise, while the standard air-suspension effortlessly smooths out bumps – although the 19-inch wheels can crash into potholes.
22659	There’s been a Porsche left at Low Edges on a big area of grass and the council have been notified since September/October, 2017 and it’s still not been removed or been driven by its owner.
22660	There's certainly no fingerprint scanner pictured on the front of the Mi7 Plus, and neither is one visible on the rear.
22661	“There’s coaching to get a win at the weekend or in a race, but then there’s a long-term vision, making sure every member within teams are as good as they can be.
22662	The research also found that all of the 10 providers analysed had cut rates for their existing customers in the last three years.
22663	The research also showed that those who actively look at job opportunities are more likely to be younger and more educated.
22664	The research, conducted by the Oxford Internet Institute at Oxford University - on behalf of internet registry Nominet Trust - found that 10% of 17 to 23-year-olds in the UK aged rarely use the internet.
22665	The Research Document Library provides an A-Z of links to download all relevant forms and guides needed for each stage of your research degree.
22666	The research, done to mark N&P's eco Self-Build competition, also found that 87 per cent of people would incorporate green features if they were to have a home built to "their individual requirements".
22667	The researchers aimed to estimate the number of pregnancies with neural tube defects that would have been prevented had the UK followed the US’s example in 1998 and adopted a policy of fortifying flour with folic acid.
22668	The researchers first found that people’s failure to learn from bad news was reversed when they were considering their chance of experiencing a positive event (e.g. living past 90 years old).
22669	The researchers found no evidence that we would be any less happy if we did, however.
22670	The researchers took the original synthetic cell, JCVI-syn1.0, and used whole-genome design and synthesis techniques to minimise its genome.
22671	The researchers used mouse models of diabetes to show that over-activity of HCN2, which initiates electrical signals in pain-sensitive nerve fibres, results in a sensation of pain.
22672	The researches will check how the new layout will impact on all users including cyclists, pedestrians and all vehicle types.
22673	The Research Methods modules (part 1 & 2) will introduce students to an enhanced range of research methods and underpinning philosophical approaches to research.
22674	The research reveals that council suppliers wait an average of 17 days to receive payment from councils.
22675	“The research that underpins the technology and software will have applications way beyond autonomous vehicles.”
22676	The research was qualitative; our researchers carried out case studies with support service providers and conducted in-depth interviews with academic experts.
22677	The research will also characterise the environmental persistence of erionite once released by quarrying or natural weathering.
22678	The reserve, situated at over 350m above sea level, is one of Wales’ most exhilarating National Nature Reserves, with breathtaking views across South Wales and the Brecon Beacons.
22679	There's even specially adapted bicycles for cyclists with disabilities.
22680	There’s free use of bikes – the terrain in these parts is flat, so you can cover a fair amount of ground without breaking a sweat.
22681	There’s going to be no new Bakerloo line station in Camberwell as the Old Kent Road Route was selected instead.
22682	There should also be a focus on problem-solving issues that impact upon fear of crime and reassurance.
22683	There should be clearer information and communications about new care models.
22684	There should be support for young people, families, and first time buyers who are trying to responsibly manage their finances and who have been recently stung by Stamp Duty.
22685	The residents association organise regular community fun days.
22686	There’s isn’t a lot to do in Wayford but there’s something quite lovely in that.
22687	There’s no beating about the bush.
22688	There’s no better way to learn about than to experience it up close!
22689	"There's no catch" to business growth funding - can your business benefit?
22690	There’s no limit on how much goes into your workers’ NEST retirement pot.
22691	There’s no list of prohibited thoughts or banned books.
22692	There's no mains wiring and no operating costs, simply install and enjoy!
22693	There’s no need to pay someone else to update your website for you – you can just jump right in and update it yourself.
22694	There's no real hook here, it's more of an intro track, but A$AP does take an early shot at Trump (“My newest president an asshole”).
22695	There's nothing better than feeling the thunder of the horses, and watching the mud kick up as they race past.
22696	“There’s nothing better than seeing people’s courage, confidence and self-belief return.”
22697	There’s nothing that makes customers feel more special than a reward.
22698	There's nothing to worry about.
22699	There’s no time for losers, ’cause we are the Champions.
22700	There’s no word yet on whether he plans to re-open Helmshore Textile Museum, also closed last year as part of cuts.
22701	There’s often a tendency to eat to make ourselves feel better if we’re stressed or sad and use the food to satisfy our emotional needs, rather than actual hunger.
22702	There’s only us three on that side of the family, plus a few of her cousins so I really did feel very privileged to be able to help nurse my gran into eternity.
22703	The resource outlines a systematic approach for identifying the organisational, managerial and clinical setting factors that support safe staffing of maternity services.
22704	There’s plenty of parking for visitors and occupiers alike which creates a lovely feeling of space within the close.
22705	“The response from businesses, community groups, churches, everybody, has been great.
22706	The response makes the case for the removing two new roads across green belt in Sunningwell from the plan - as there is no evidence that these routes will be needed in this location and there has been consultation about the route specified.
22707	There's so many things I've learnt about myself and my training and it really has been a lifestyle change.
22708	There’s some science behind this.
22709	There's something about spring that makes us smile, and it rightly is something to celebrate.
22710	There’s something to suit everyone at Age UK’s wide range of exercise classes.
22711	There’s space for you to think about the next steps you could take to help you manage your concerns.
22712	The rest are available on the Ramblers website.
22713	The restaurant/café on the seafront is great for stopping off for a hot or cold drink, a quick ice cream or a little snack after a hard day playing or chillaxing on the Esplanade.
22714	The restaurant offers a tasty menu of international dishes and Spanish specialities.
22715	“There’s this amazing wonderdrug called exercise,” Dan said.
22716	The rest of the substitutions coming off the bench making a huge impact.
22717	The rest of Western Europe watched passively, while Italy fought with migrants and economic problems."
22718	The resubmission deadline is calculated from the date of notification of the outcome of the viva examination by the Research Degrees Award Board.
22719	The result has been for NHS England to approve the temporary closure for 12 months, from end of February and use a bespoke facility in Devizes.
22720	The resulting acclaim took her a long way from the home comforts of Holmfirth, where she played live for the first time as a nervous teenager, and even further away from the dank garage where the journey began.
22721	The resulting docked conformations were consensus scored and the top 5% were slated for synthesis.
22722	The resulting Ford C-MAX rival isn’t quite an MPV, but it does have more passenger space and a bigger boot, along with a great view out.
22723	The results from a subsequent x-ray showed that the bird had a smashed and broken wing.
22724	The results of the Michaelmas Term 2016 elections have now been confirmed by the Returning Officer.
22725	The results of the research will be used to provide guidance to the DfT on E-money issues, including potential conflicts when E-money services are used with the transportation arena.
22726	The results of the survey demonstrate that the giving of gifts has an impact on the relationship between a landlord and a tenant.
22727	The results of this project will build on those of BOF74 to identify new products and control options against Narcissus basal rot that can be taken forward to registration and field trials under commercial conditions.
22728	The results provide an insight into the impact on the new regulations introduced in April 2015 relating to how insolvency practitioners can advise debtors with consumer debt.
22729	The results show a 25% reduction in noise.
22730	The results will be the last for chief executive Javed Ahmed, who stood down recently after nine years at the helm.
22731	The result was another awesome display with some well worked attacks and 4 clinically taken goals.
22732	The result was that the railway company would prepare the route for both the footpath and the railway.
22733	The result was the perfect response from Siraj, who suffered disappointment in the singles earlier in the day.
22734	The result will be subject to confirmation by the independent scrutineer and published in the next edition.
22735	The retail customer mailing list is stored on and is password protected.
22736	The return to Capel Curig passes beneath the eastern flank of Tryfan.
22737	The reunion will be held on Sunday, May 13 at the Drax Hall, Bere Regis, from 2pm to 5pm.
22738	The revamped store is due to open on Thursday June 28. To carry out the work and avoid long periods of closure, the store will initially be closed from 10pm on May 15 until 8am on May 19.
22739	The revelation, which came to light yesterday, isn’t the first time the politician has been told “UFIB” - as he has a whole back catalogue of PR slip-ups.
22740	The reviewers will review evidence and conduct interviews with senior management and the chair of the audit committee.
22741	The review gives the example of the Collaborative Learning in Practice model, which has been piloted by HEE in the East of England.
22742	The reviewing prosecutor will need detailed information about the mental capacity of the person who committed or attempted to commit suicide and about any relevant public interest factor.
22743	The review of whether the regulator is fit, she says, is something which is done periodically in all non-departmental bodies.
22744	The review teams, which are independent of the Trust, are being co-ordinated by an NHS England-led Incident Management Team.
22745	Thereview will be published in the first half of 2014.
22746	The revolutions in the Middle East burst like thunder across a region long considered beyond change and are being undertaken by people long considered incapable of acting in their own interests.
22747	There walk has a variety of landscapes, from woods to arable fields, and from a farm growing strawberries in polytunnels to fields with grazing cattle.
22748	There was a barbers, Smiths, opposite Hearsall Lane.
22749	There was a big trim department there that made all interiors for all Nuffield vehicles at that time (including most of the Riley ones, though Victor Riley in his independent way insisted on continuing to make some of his own).
22750	There was a buzz in the room and we are hopeful that the event will lead to the formulation of a local support group.
22751	There was a growing buzz of excitement and apprehension as guests, not least the novices amongst us, nervously eyed up the imposing walls which were up to 11 metres high.
22752	There was a huge buzz and a thick air of expectation surrounding the build up to Round 2 of the Maxxis British Drift Championship at Norfolk.
22753	There was a huge space in the eaves with amazing wooden beams and an original window in the gable end, which was bizarre as there were no rooms or floor in the roof area.
22754	There was a large flat screen TV although the English BBC channel didn't work but we don't watch TV on holiday so not a problem.
22755	There was a long delay on Sunday prior to the start of the feature race to enable the marshals to clean the track after an oil spillage in an earlier day but finally the British Motostar riders were able to take their grid positions.
22756	There was an argument, she said, for allowing people to appreciate the spaces which had previously been rather cluttered.
22757	There was an even bigger increase on an individual basis, as cash real household disposable income (RHDI) per head fell for the second year in a row, by 0.7%.
22758	There was an exit door on the west side in Sandall Road.
22759	There was an increase in stamp duties on high-value homes, and the phasing-out of age-related personal allowances from 2013, when they will be replaced by a higher standard personal allowance.
22760	There was an increase in the numbers coming from Italy (20%) and Poland (10%).
22761	There was an increase of 16 per cent in Wales but a fall of 3 per cent in Scotland.
22762	There was another win for Kippax Park on Saturday for P. Cromie, 104lb, 5oz.
22763	There was an upset as turned over Gloucestershire, who topped the South Group, while being the last team to progress after defeating Glamorgan, to make it an all North Group Finals Day.
22764	There was a police van, a police dog and two or three cars but at that stage we didn’t know what was going on.
22765	There was a pond in peggy's field, shows on 1905 map and an older family member told me when I was younger (many years ago).
22766	There was a soldiers’ clubs, the ladies giving up their time to look after them.
22767	There was a temporary rise in the spot price of gas in March () due to high demand during the period of unusually cold weather (see Box 3).
22768	There was dedicated research team for the directorate, and audit results showed that outcomes for people using the burns service were good.
22769	There was disharmony however over their South East activists not making it to conference last weekend.
22770	There was flexilibility within the appointment booking service to change appointments to more suitable times when needed.
22771	There was great camaraderie between the competitors.
22772	There was, however, little evidence for buildings inside the enclosure, although only a small part of the area was investigated.
22773	There was just time to freshen up before dinner, where we had a table with a spectacular view of the resort’s small lake.
22774	There was lack of a second dedicated obstetric theatre.
22775	There was no evidence of protection from experimental challenge with P. falciparum sporozoites.
22776	There was not one the very first time we cruised in 2010, but have had a 'party' every cruise since.
22777	There was probably a settlement here by the 12th Century.
22778	There was respect, compassion and acceptance.
22779	There was some fault in the Council's communications and delays in organising the ISAs although any injustice is limited.
22780	There was some good acts on but over in the circus that was supposed to be the kids entertainment was not very entertaining for my kids.
22781	There was some speculation back in 2014 that Apple would launch a 4K monitor with a resolution of 4069 x 2160 (or 3840 x 2160) pixels.
22782	There was still work to do, but Duggan reminded everyone what quality he has, meeting Linton's delivery on the in-step and sending his effort in off the underside of the bar.
22783	There was very little information visibly available to support relatives and visitors.
22784	There was widespread acceptance amongst members that Councillor K had breached the Code of Conduct but concern was expressed as to what more the subject Councillor could do to remedy the situation.
22785	There were 60 such groups in 1930, 500 with 40,000 members by 1939.
22786	There were, admittedly, some sorry sights around the booth.
22787	There were also a very small number of mentors did not want to repeat the experience.
22788	There were also ecological benefits.
22789	There were also Union flags flying at Burton Albion's Pirelli Stadium, which regularly holds wedding ceremonies, but surprisingly has none booked for the same day as the royal affair.
22790	There were artificial fragrances and other ingredients that were not great for the skin.
22791	There were c.30 IN-Stations, most of which were also linked to an ‘INNER Network’ which enabled the intelligence to be passed back to Army District or Command HQs.
22792	There were cake stalls, face painting, a tombola and a raffle.
22793	There were currently 13 petrol Mini’s in the fleet on a three year lease with an annual mileage of 10k miles per year per car; the lease was in its final year but the cars were averaging just 7k miles per year.
22794	There were few chances early on until the deadlock was broken when Llanbradach were given a stone wall penalty.
22795	There were furious protests against this particularly brutal act of class war.
22796	There were handcarts, sack barrows, scales with iron weights, and many small drays, pulled by a donkey, a pony etc, but we didn't use those names, they were all 'mokes' to us.
22797	There were no rabbits in the field, but an old water butt took a few shots.
22798	There were noted delays in transferring patient care into non-hospital settings compounded by limited integration with community services in the Calderdale area.
22799	There were originally 170 guides nominated from every kind of tour company.
22800	There were other factors for the Commission to consider.
22801	There were running battles with the police in Little James Street and in all about twenty were treated in hospital.
22802	There were some consultant and middle grade medical staff vacancies that were having an impact on rota cover and not sustainable in the long term.
22803	There were some outstanding ports of call and barely any that I wouldn't happily go back to.
22804	‘There were supposedly drugs in the 1960s that were supposed to expand your consciousness,’ replies Jefferys, ‘but it was something of a hoax.’
22805	There were two distinct types of top.
22806	There were years of feasting and frolicking at the site’s construction, as well as lots of head scratching and mansplaining about whether wax-treated rope could produce maximum torque with minimal tension, or something.
22807	There will also be a children's entertainment all afternoon from Punch and Judy to a Magician, Balloon Modelling and Face Painting - try and make an Eton Mess or try your hand at Biscuit decorating.
22808	There will also be a free introductory period where dealers can see for themselves how useful the site will be in delivering leads until 31 May 2014.
22809	There will also be information on the latest developments at the European Centre for Marine Biotechnology, and at the UHI Millennium Institute (the future University of the Highlands and Islands).
22810	There will also need to be some genuine, proven talent brought into the squad over the summer with a couple of central defenders and a quality creative midfielder something that has been sorely lacking.
22811	There will always be cases where it will be inappropriate to discharge by the 19th birthday.
22812	There will be 5km Race For Life events at Haigh Woodland Park on Wednesday, May 23 and at Pennington Flash on Sunday, June 3, as well as a host of other events around the country.
22813	There will be a hot food and picnic area to find delicious treats from the finest producers and locally brewed beer.
22814	There will be a mass exodus of Catholics leaving Redbridge for Norfolk at the end of the month.
22815	There will be an issue where serious injury has not occurred—in some cases, injury might occur but not serious injury—and that might be a stumbling block.
22816	There will be around 20 centres of excellence, however further information on how they will work and where they are located will be decided in “due course”.
22817	There will be a sheet up in the locker room at the beginning of the season or contact Anne Spence before the closing date.
22818	There will be catering available on site to provide riders with a hot meal and drinks on Saturday evening (included in entry cost).
22819	There will be decorated tree of all shapes and sizes, some with a modern twist others traditionally decorated.
22820	There will be live music with opportunities to get up and dance or just relax and chat to friends.
22821	There will be more emphasis on Children understanding how things work and on finding different ways to solve problems.
22822	There will be several prize winners and the overall champions will share £500 between them.
22823	There will be show jumping and various other equestrian events throughout the day.
22824	There will be some effect on intra-row weeds but hand weeding may be required.
22825	There will be some jargon, but everything will be put in layman’s terms too.
22826	There will be something for everyone and the design aspires to attract new groups who may not have been visitors before.
22827	There will be special promotions on the day for couples who confirm on the 24 January 2018.
22828	There will be story telling in the Celtic roundhouse and Ancient Music are back again with a range of historical instruments for visitors to try.
22829	There will have been other times in your life where you may not have wanted to disclose your health conditions or lifestyle factors for fear of higher premiums.
22830	There will of course be many people in their later life who have paid off their mortgage, so this won’t be a problem.
22831	There will soon be even more happy waggy tails across Devon as Dogs Trust Dog School brings its dog training classes to Totnes.
22832	The RFC requires three signatories (Platform operations, Platform Security and Service Operations) for the change to be implemented.
22833	The rice should always be moist, but not swimming in liquid.
22834	The rich history of the hard working Cornish is told through the landmarks of the Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape World Heritage Site, the hand carved Minack Theatre and the refurbished Art Deco Lido in Penzance.
22835	The rich mining area of Cornwall’s central mining district benefits from a 60kmnetwork of multi activity trails including the Coats to Coast and the Great Flat Lode.
22836	The rider collided with a row of barriers sustaining injuries which sadly proved fatal at the scene.
22837	The rift between the different mediums of poetry and song had been exposed to us, but the committee had taken the first step to closing it.
22838	The right of appeal lies with the national park planning authority.
22839	The right photograph shows a normal mole with no colour difference.
22840	The right to a fair trial is one that is recognised universally and yet this option was not given to the al-Qaeda leader.
22841	The Right to Buy gives most Council tenants the opportunity to buy their home with a discount off the full market value of the property.
22842	The rise is 50 per cent up to 12.
22843	The rise of online and hybrid agents alongside more traditional high street outfits means that there are more agents slugging it out for a finite amount of stock.
22844	The risk of enforcement action against non-commercial trailers is minimal.
22845	The risks to employers include the way that the offer is made may not be protected or that improper behaviour takes place; ignoring procedures when no settlement is reached or a grievance from the employee in respect of protected characteristic.
22846	THE River and Rowing Museum’s Piper Gallery exhibition proclaims him “a very British artist”.
22847	The river is outside the house, step straight onto the quay.
22848	The River Walk and Tide Mill was voted the most loved element of Woodbridge by its residents.
22849	“The RMI has worked hard over the last three years to prove its capability to gain UKAS accreditation.
22850	The RMI’s Independent Garage Association (IGA) today launched the Trust My Garage scheme, a consumer reassurance scheme for independent garages.
22851	Thermo Fisher Scientific is a manufacturer of various scientific instruments and apparatus.
22852	The roadmap to a fairer tax system, or the highway to compliance hell?
22853	The roads are too narrow for the volume of traffic.
22854	The Road to the Isles (A830) was the classic way to reach Skye via the ferry from Mallaig.
22855	The road was closed for a few hours and the race was diverted.
22856	The road was partially blocked but traffic was being directed past the incident.
22857	The roadway on the right is actually a dirt track with poor surfacing.
22858	The Roastery have become masters of brewing over the last several years.
22859	The Rock takes up much of Gibraltar and is home to the famous Barbary Apes.
22860	The rock that originally prevented the oil from escaping from the reservoir over geological time, the caprock, is expected to also CONTAIN the CO and protect it from escaping.
22861	The role is based in Bury, but there will be weekly travel (sometime including overnight stays) to the other site in Nottingham.
22862	The role of community councils is to express the views of the community to local authorities and other public bodies, and to take action in the interests of its community.
22863	The role only requires two to four days of your time per month throughout the whole year.
22864	The Role: Provide timely reporting and insightful analysis, ensuring the adherence of processes, policies and procedures to improve operational effectiveness and financial performance.
22865	The role: We're delighted to be working with this exciting agency which has only.
22866	The role will include media relations, media sell-ins, production of publicity assets, social media, briefing internal teams on corporate communications activity and maintaining the consistent application of the Museum brand.
22867	The rollerball pens are available in a sophisticated black or red lacquer, with polished chrome appointments (clips and tips) and a distinctive cap-over-barrel style.
22868	The romantic merry-go-round that lies at the heart of A Little Night Music makes it difficult to summarise the plot but its magic lies in the way the musical explores the highs and lows of love across and sometimes between various generations.
22869	The room is constructed beneath a double-glazed glass roof with 3 skylights.
22870	The room now is much nicer.
22871	The room offers a place to relax and to meet people.
22872	The room used to assess patients with mental health needs, did not conform to the Psychiatric Liaison Accreditation Network (PLAN) standards.
22873	The room was very clean and comfortable, the owner gives you many useful advices and is very kind.
22874	The root beer look works flawlessly on a choppy, long bob.
22875	The roots of this crisis lay much deeper than reunification.
22876	The route 235 currently runs between Sunbury Village and Brentford County Court.
22877	The route starts just to the east of Kincardine Bridge and picks up the cycleway into Culross, a 17th Century town worth exploring.
22878	The routine maintenance for your vehicles is covered, in line with our recommended servicing schedules.
22879	The Royal Albert Hall or Koko in Camden.
22880	The Royal Borough of Greenwich's Cabinet agreed on Wednesday (12 July) to take forward more than 60 recommendations from an independent commission set up to tackle poverty in the borough.
22881	The royal favourite Robert Dudley did better at Kenilworth Castle and Elizabethan Garden, entertaining Elizabeth four times at the medieval fortress he transformed into a fabulous 'wonder house'.
22882	The Royal Hotel is located in the centre of the seaside town of Stonehaven.
22883	The Royal Parks commissioned Ipsos MORI to conduct seasonal visitor counts and research across all eight Royal Parks during 2013 and 2014.
22884	The Royal Veterinary College, University of London (RVC) has been ranked as one of the top three veterinary schools in the world by the prestigious QS World University Rankings 2016 for the second year in succession.
22885	The RSR includes both qualitative and quantitative information.
22886	The Rugby Football Union guarantees full refunds for high-demand matches—I am sure that the world cup would qualify—up to an hour before kick-off.
22887	The rules affect controllers – those who determine why and how data is used – and processors, who usually act on their behalf.
22888	The rules are expected to be in force in April 2017.
22889	“The rules surrounding council owned companies are complicated and we need to ensure we do not breach any legal or tax rules.
22890	The ruling is a highly significant development for companies involved in the transfer of personal data from the EU to the US, and means that a vast number of on-going data transfers from the EU to the US may now be unlawful.
22891	The Rumschöttel biography, in particular, is the most recent concise biography of Ludwig's life and times.
22892	The runner-up was Anne Cullen with 101 points, third was Brenda Meenagh with 100 points.
22893	The Rustico has a very wide top which makes it perfect for plunging watering cans into to fill them with ease.
22894	The rustic properties here – mostly workers' cottages – have been simply and elegantly brought up to date, preserving their clean lines and a sense of light and space.
22895	The safer a driver you are, the less likely you are to make claims on your car insurance policy – and so the cheaper that policy should be.
22896	‘The Safer in Kent Fund, worth £150,000, and the Mental Health and Policing Fund, of which £150,000 is now available, will enable me to keep that promise.’
22897	The Saints opened up a 30-20 lead by the 46th minute, which looked ominous for Barum.
22898	The sale had been properly conducted on an "execution-only" basis.
22899	The Sales Manager’s questions have been answered but Lewis wonders if there is a link between two.
22900	The Salisbury Cathedral is internationally known, and rightfully so, for its impressive size and unique gothic style.
22901	The Salisbury is a stylish four bedroom family home.
22902	The salmon was good.
22903	The Salter’s Livery Company awarded Glynn James with the prestigious Salters’ Prize for the teaching of Chemistry.
22904	The salt from some of the ZLD processes described above, will not be saleable if so contaminated.
22905	The same applies for insurance; if you’re a musician, you have to pay more.
22906	The same applies if you already have a loan, and the agent offers a further loan whilst visiting to collect repayments.
22907	The same applies to trade deals on food with non-EU countries.
22908	The same condition parameters apply in the case of leased batteries, so if the unit degrades to the extent that only nine of the twelve charge status lights illuminate on the dashboard after a full charge you’ll get a new battery courtesy of Nissan.
22909	The same goes for other factors that might make it difficult for you to get started, such as a steep hill start or a difficult road surface.
22910	The same happens at box junctions across the service area.
22911	The same huge selection of tartans to choose from, the same outstanding quality of fabric, the same made-to-measure tailoring - only a wee bit.
22912	The same is true of those who would like to use social media in learning, recognise the need to support learners online, and would like to provide online or blended delivery.
22913	The same may also apply to criteria for promotion: rewarding teaching excellence will be key to universities retaining their best teaching staff.
22914	The same messages need to come across each channel—and this includes the good old-fashioned face-to-face channel.
22915	The same Thomas Andrew was also unfortunate enough to meet the Cwn Wybr (“Sky Hounds”), also known as Cwn Annwn (the Hounds of Hell).
22916	The same water recirculates round the system.
22917	The samples are taken away, analysed in a laboratory and assessed against a strict criteria for bathing water.
22918	The sandstone boulders that occupy much of the shoreline at Rackwick originate in the great vertical cliffs that rise at either side of the bay.
22919	The sandwiches were unimpressive as were the cakes.
22920	The Sanger Institute was awarded a ratio of 3.32, which equates to an average publication impact that is 232 per cent higher than the global average.
22921	The Sanskrit word for ‘awaken,’ this Spa treatment leaves the body refreshed from head to toe with special massages and pressure therapy.
22922	The Santander Trade Club is exclusive to Santander Corporate & Commercial customers and is now available for registration.
22923	The sap from the plant may get onto your skin or into your eyes.
22924	The Satisfyer Pro 4 Couples can be used by both parties at the same time and claims to create a “deeper bond” between lovers.
22925	The saving is on the hotel aspect of the package only.
22926	The says flesh and bone prostitutes have forced a mechanical sex parlour in Barcelona to shut.
22927	"The scale of the overall budget deficit of £126billion, and the tax gap of £32 billion, are such that the Government needs to put significant investment into HMRC.
22928	“The scale of this attack is unprecedented and it is not yet known how many UK users are affected.
22929	The SCAN website also includes details of historical records relating to West Lothian held elsewhere.
22930	The scenic views of Sydney harbour and temperatures ranging from 18-26°C probably didn’t hurt either.
22931	The scheduled events went ahead as planned after the venue was reclaimed.
22932	The scheme addresses five key controls that, when implemented correctly, can prevent around 80% of cyber-attacks.
22933	The scheme began in April 2013, and over time it has been amended.
22934	The scheme can only investigate complaints about regulated products and services provided by regulated postal providers.
22935	The scheme, established in April 1946, involved collecting any surplus plants from established gardens and distributing them to those in need, such as would-be struggling gardeners living in prefabricated houses and institutions such as hospitals.
22936	The scheme has been developed in partnership with Government, experts in the field and other organisations representing consumer interests.
22937	The scheme is administered in Northern Ireland by Sentinus.
22938	The scheme is designed to bridge the gap between the cost of fossil fuel heat installations and renewable heat alternatives through financial support for owners.
22939	The scheme is estimated to provide £140-200 million of benefits over the next 60 years, so it provides very good value for money.
22940	The scheme is funded from housing benefit.
22941	The Scheme is pleased to report that a further three companies have joined its Associate Membership initiative thi.
22942	The scheme pays out £30 per hectare and requires a basic level of stewardship and management for five years, with the money being paid out every six months.
22943	The scheme proposes that an oval glass pavilion on the lower level of the site is demolished to create a new café.
22944	The scheme provides milk free of charge to all nursery and infant pupils.
22945	The scheme seeks to conserve and enhance the local characteristics of culture, wildlife, landscape, land use and community.
22946	The scheme ties in well with other plans to introduce wildflowers to the single that will seed naturally.
22947	The scheme was given the Government's official backing by Consumer Minister Jo Swinson at the TSI's annual conference in Brighton.
22948	The scheme will be closely integrated with the public transport network.
22949	The scheme will be open to some 3.5 million adults in receipt of Universal Credit with minimum weekly household earnings equivalent to 16 hours at the National Living Wage, or those in receipt of Working Tax Credit.
22950	The scheme will offer a single point of entry and support will come from Reading council’s own services as well as from local voluntary sector and health services.
22951	The scholarship is only open to UK/EU applicants who have received a conditional or unconditional offer for full-time study.
22952	The school also offers some which is available to Home and EU applicants.
22953	The school celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 1980 and in the same year a new gymnasium and an extension to the science laboratory were completed.
22954	The School is now looking to appoint academic staff to launch a new and innovative Civil Engineering Degree, developed and delivered in partnership with BRE.
22955	The school is presently part of the St Machar Academy Associated School Group (ASG).
22956	The school is situated in the remote Mukurwe-ini district, near Nyeri on the slopes of Mount Kenya.
22957	The School Office is staffed 8.00am – 5.30pm Monday to Friday and 8.30am – 5pm Saturdays in term time.
22958	The School of Interdisciplinary Area Studies seeks applications from candidates for a fixed-term postdoctoral position, to work on the Leverhulme Trust funded project ‘Circuits of waste and value: making e-waste subjects in China and Japan’ for 12 months.
22959	The School of Psychology has an international reputation for conducting high quality research across a broad range of psychological disciplines.
22960	The school operates a staged disciplinary system.
22961	The school records show that 'Robert' was discharged from Hanwell on 21 October 1879 and joined the Army.
22962	The School Report (2017) provides a series of recommendations to help schools and colleges tackle bullying, as well as outlining the scale of the problem.
22963	The school specialises in training suitable students for entry to the professional dance colleges for three-year full-time courses.
22964	The school term and holiday dates for 2018/19 are based on the dates agreed by the London Inter Authority Admissions Group (LIAAG).
22965	The science community urgently requires clarification on the status of EU nationals in the UK.
22966	The scope of our work includes the epidemiology, clinical management systems and physiology of OHCA.
22967	The score is based on a variety of tests carried out over vCPU Value, Memory Value and Block Storage Value – the final CloudSpecs Score™ arises out of the average from these three categories.
22968	The ScotRail Alliance has added extra carriages to trains between Edinburgh and Glasgow, Stirling, Perth, Dunblane, Fife and the Borders.
22969	The Scottish Government have now decided to generate 100% of electricity from renewables by 2020.
22970	The Scottish independence referendum was well run, with high levels of voter satisfaction in the voting process.
22971	The screen identified a Yersinia enterocolitica Slc26A protein as the ideal candidate for further structural studies as it can be purified to homogeneity.
22972	The Scrutiny Commission supported Mrs Bowler’s request, on behalf of all community libraries, for the continuation of discretionary business rates discount for libraries and support with training for volunteers.
22973	“The SDLP welcome Mr Barnier’s willingness to engage with Northern communities during the political, social and economic uncertainty that Brexit poses to citizens right across Northern Ireland.
22974	These activities are mainly funded through payments from central government and the collection of council tax, although council tax makes up only about a quarter of a council’s income.
22975	The seafood extravaganza with lobster and shrimp on the last night was a highlight for my husband, as well as the nightly ceviche.
22976	The seafront is a fifteen minute walk down the road, likewise Hastings Art Gallery and Museum.
22977	These agents are often known as ‘oncolytic vaccines’.
22978	These all reduce your taxable income.
22979	These are all made in the UK using the highest quality Lycra dance fabrics, including Meryl Sport with anti bacterial and moisture wicking properties ‘fit for innovation’.
22980	These are all questions that your audit should raise.
22981	These are among the questions tackled by Derek Prince in this rigorous biblical analysis that reveals how the destiny of Israel, while clearly distinct from the destiny of the Church, is interwoven with it.
22982	These are annuities over shorter terms of usually 3, 5 or 10 years.
22983	These areas are mostly found where disease or germs are more likely to enter the body – for example, in the lining of the bowel, lungs and nose.
22984	These are common disabilities, but critical illness insurance generally does not cover some important conditions, such as most mental illnesses.
22985	“These are exactly the sort of firms we need more of in our economy, because they create a huge proportion of overall jobs relative to their small size in the business population.
22986	These are hotels close to the wedding venues and this is why the rooms are especially decked in order to make the guests have a spacious stay.
22987	These are issued by companies and have features that are exactly the same as gilts, except that instead of lending money to the Government, you’re lending to a company.
22988	These are just some of the scenarios we have encountered.
22989	These are just two examples to add to the ones given earlier by my noble friend Lord Hodgson, of how tied pub companies invest in their estates every year to the benefit of both parties through the tied contract.
22990	These are marked by a 'P' on the list of primary schools.
22991	These are now on gov.uk as fully digital services, whereas previously they were very unfriendly and complex paper-based services.
22992	These are only a few examples of some recent partnership working within the service.
22993	These are only seen clearly when the X-ray is turned 180°, indicating that Rubens painted over them before beginning again and, as such, they may represent an early idea for the same composition.
22994	These are perfect for relaxing or working in during the summer and snowball fights during the winter.
22995	These are Regulations 12, 13(1) to (4) and 14 of The Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
22996	These are set against the backdrop of legal reforms, both past and planned, changes in the patterns of criminal behaviour and developments in our business practices.
22997	These are startling numbers, but broadly in line with where single parents claiming JSA live – sanctions don’t disproportionately fall in the capital.
22998	These are the 3 main reasons why our ADI's are earning much more money than they did in the manual market.
22999	These are the approved revenue and capital budgets and information relating to the council's medium term spending plans.
23000	These are the early findings from this week’s Ofsted inspection of Newcastle College, according to a leaked email seen by ChronicleLive.
23001	These are then usually placed in a barn or cellar and allowed to ferment.
23002	These arrangements are covered by information sharing agreements and TfL is not responsible for the camera when it is in the control of the third party.
23003	The seaside resort of Scarborough is only 25 miles away.
23004	The season kicks off tomorrow with a Knock Out Cup tie against Poole Pirates; it was supposed to be a double-header, but the away leg has been postponed due to the wet weather.
23005	The seats are exceedingly comfortable and, combined with the soft suspension and the excellent refinement, it’s a truly lovely place to sit.
23006	These attacks came with such ferocity that on many occasions, the airfields became untenable.
23007	These awards are specifically for new safety technologies.
23008	These awards recognise best practices in advancement and outstanding people who contribute to the growth and understanding of the advancement profession.
23009	These birds are made in stainless steel with various cast bronze and cast glass pieces.
23010	These breaks can be accessed by contacting the providers direct and are not subject to a formal assessment of need.
23011	These breathtakingly stunning images add great impact to your marketing material.
23012	These burgers are a light and fresh option if you want to get stuck into a hearty bite without worrying about the waste line!
23013	These can be average service delivery times (for example, how many days until we fill a pothole).
23014	These can be combined with A Levels and other certificates if appropriate, for example, three AS Level courses and one BTEC Level 3 Certificate.
23015	These can be free and natural or strongly adapted to parental influences.
23016	These candelabras come boxed with shaped Styrofoam protection for easy transport.
23017	These can differ depending upon whether it is your first offence and what year of study you are.
23018	These can have beautiful unplanned qualities.
23019	These can include spreading payments over 12 months rather than the traditional 10 months, or arranging a more affordable payment plan.
23020	These changes are published in '' and have been incorporated into the document below.
23021	These changes are subject to a number of limitations and conditions, including requirements relating to the height of extensions and distances from boundaries.
23022	These changes in tone are also associated with the left.
23023	These changes may influence whether we are able to confirm your place.
23024	These changes mean that everyone can be confident that they will continue to be able to receive the care and support they need from our world-class healthcare workers.
23025	These choices will allow you to include those who’ve visited your site, exclude those who have already completed a specific goal and build lists around users showing specific behaviour.
23026	These comments are considered to be a contributing factor to the Dollar having its worst January in 30 years.
23027	These companies could be in a good place to benefit.
23028	The second bedroom also gives access to the water tank.
23029	The second floor is a great addition to this family house giving rise to two further bedrooms with two en suite bathrooms.
23030	The second goal came on after 41 minutes when centre back Will Wellon volleyed home a corner.
23031	The second half continued in the same pattern as the first with Hounslow continuing to play with spirit and their wingers looked dangerous but faced the outstanding Ibadat Mohammadi and Ryan Molloy.
23032	The second half continued to swing one way then the other.
23033	The second half had been particularly entertaining with both sides playing their part.
23034	The second half saw an early goal from Ian Rechner, who successfully overcame the experienced Eastcote goal-keeper to help Henley pull ahead again.
23035	The second most valuable takeaway was obviously the network of mentors and partners who have been a great help in refining our proposition.
23036	The second positive is that LGBT young people are increasingly self-confident in their identities and self-expression and there are many inspiring advocates and campaigners in Welsh communities.
23037	The second problem with a large die off and increased organic matter is nutrients.
23038	"The second reading of the Bill shows that MPs think the current system for dealing with metal theft is not working and understand it has led to major problems for rural businesses.
23039	The second reason was for me to see Oxfam from a different perspective.
23040	The second reception room would make an ideal dining room or sitting room with a contemporary wall mounted fire, wood effect flooring, window to the rear, door leading off to the stairs to the cellar and a further doorway through to the dining kitchen.
23041	The second Season Ticket package costs £9.99 and includes 5 team credits and access to all overall prize leagues.
23042	The second stage is carried out after 6 to 8 weeks if there is no more infection.
23043	The second year includes core modules in quantum physics and its application to atoms and molecules, statistical thermodynamics, electromagnetic theory and further mathematics.
23044	These conferences are an opportunity to enable members to learn more about campaign priorities, get involved in policy debates, take part in actions, discuss regional issues and meet each other.
23045	These cookies help us identify your current visit to the website.
23046	These credits are aimed at companies that are actively involved in research and development.
23047	The Secretary of State may, at any time, revoke section 96 approval of a qualification, whether or not a review date is set.
23048	"These criminals are indiscriminate - they'll often target the elderly or vulnerable in our communities but equally will try to obtain anyone's money given the chance.
23049	These cruises, dedicated 100 percent to English-speaking travelers, offer one of cruising's most inclusive fares (from air and transfers to anytime-cocktails and shore excursions).
23050	The section also explains your rights as a user of NHS audiology services.
23051	The section also provides advice regarding individual proposals for development, from the point of view of their viability in policy terms.
23052	The section between Sowerby Bridge and Cooper Bridge forms part of the South Pennine Ring.
23053	The sector covers the production of aerospace, automotive and rail transport vehicles and is 40% more productive in D2N2 than elsewhere in the UK.
23054	These cubes are used to bathe small objects with a soft, even light and they are essential pieces of kit for photographing highly reflective subjects such as silver objects.
23055	The security of our IT systems Your usage of our IT systems and online portals We have a legitimate interest to ensure that our IT systems are secure.
23056	The security statement will usually be attached to the ballot paper.
23057	These cutting specifications can be used by your cutting plant or butcher to prepare boxes with a consistent range of cuts in each box – roasting joints, grilling and frying steaks, casserole joints, braising steaks and mince and diced beef.
23058	These data provide preliminary support for the concept that proteinase 3 ANCA-associated vasculitis and myeloperoxidase ANCA-associated vasculitis are distinct autoimmune syndromes.
23059	These days dealing and engaging with foreign languages is easier, quicker, and more direct than ever.
23060	These documents had all contained warnings that the maturity value could not be known in advance and was not guaranteed.
23061	These doors have a woodgrain effect GRP (glass reinforced plastic) skin that’s damage and impact resistant.
23062	These dramatic events were not confined to Egypt. The “second wave of black metal” which engulfed Europe in the beginning of the 1990s soon arrived in the Middle East.
23063	These draw together the various evidence sources and identify and consider specific issues and options.
23064	These drugs work in different ways, and you may be prescribed one type of drug or a combination of several.
23065	These duties arise under statute and at common law.
23066	These elections are an opportunity to make your voice heard and have a say on who represents you on issues that affect you in Brentwood.”
23067	These encounters can be socio-economic, cultural, regulatory or political.
23068	These estimates are also consistent with the System of Environmental-Economic Accounting – Central Framework, adopted by the United Nations Statistical Commission.
23069	These estimates will be central to Defra’s policy development and are used to fulfil EU requirements for reporting recycling performance for the UK.
23070	These events help sustain artists out there and keep the need for handmade alive!
23071	These events not only complete the ninja training in key analytical and data areas, but focus on the mind through yoga sessions and communication with strength development index workshops.
23072	These exceptions, and the delivery times for the Next Day Service are shown below.
23073	These exciting posts offer 12 month posts working in the Emergency Department at Forth Valley Royal Hospital.
23074	These FAQs are aimed at employers, dutyholders, first-aiders and training organisations.
23075	These figures just cover young people from ages 5 to 18. We work with those aged 0-25 so the numbers are actually much higher.
23076	“These figures show that such requests are likely to continue, and what’s more, get worse.
23077	These flare denims feature a cropped length and raw unpicked hems.
23078	These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the Company and its industry.
23079	These General Terms are governed by English law.
23080	These give them the opportunity to question in detail many officials, including senior military commanders.
23081	These glasses come with a 2 year warranty.
23082	The segmented back cushions are complemented by sumptuous yet supportive seat cushions.
23083	These go beyond the terms and benefits offered in Scotland's main public service pension schemes to encompass a new approach to governance designed to reinforce the importance of transparency and accountability.
23084	These goods are initially purchased VAT-free, but are sold on by UK traders at VAT-inclusive prices.
23085	These guns have the barrels set alongside each other in a horizontal plane.
23086	These had been repeated by the Daily Mirror, and Mrs Redwood had written to the Commission to indicate that she did not believe that she had been inaccurately quoted in its article.
23087	These hipsters are perfect for keeping you fresh all day.
23088	These included payments to Trade Creditors of £888,048, £622,900 in wages, other debits totalling £26,288 and identifiable payments to HMRC in respect of PAYE and NIC totalled £29,029.
23089	These included professors, senior journalists and industry professionals and they were also listed in the catalogue.
23090	These include:famous student ceilidh in October with Scottish country dancing, the Marketing Works Grand Finale and Gala Dinner in June, sporting competitions and events; students also sometimes organise an end of programme celebration themselves.
23091	These include grades, personal statements, teacher references and sometimes interviews and extra tests.
23092	These include Help to Buy - Equity Loan and Help to Buy Shared Ownership.
23093	These include reducing fat, oil and grease use, appropriate handling and disposal, improving cleaning, using grease traps and biological dosing systems.
23094	These include resource discovery, safe waste disposal, and understanding local and global environmental change.
23095	“These include soil reserves and relatively cheap livestock manures.”
23096	These individuals may also impersonate a genuine entity, however are also a member of the organised crime group.
23097	These industry representatives acknowledged that the banks and other financial businesses had already received a million PPI complaints from consumers this year - with at least the same levels likely next year.
23098	These infections would go on for a year.
23099	These informal open days will give the opportunity to try out equipment and discuss equipment needs with companies and manufacturers of equipment for independence.
23100	These initial plans are part of a wide regeneration initiative which will see the wider Gardiners Lane South area undergo major renovation resulting in 660 new homes and a business space.
23101	These interest payments are tax deductible/taxable.
23102	These issues resulted in very severe disruptions and frustrations for passengers using London Bridge station.
23103	“These last few months have been tough but coming off the second op I felt better straight away,” added Talbot.
23104	The selection of bric à brac, fitted carpets, curtains and other soft furnishings was based on contemporary descriptions of the house and photographs of Mackintosh interiors of the period.
23105	The self-build register allows individuals to identify that they have an interest in developing their own home.
23106	The self-proclaimed fans of Jackson concluded the research with "While many new questions need answering, what is certain is that all this is owed to the ever-fresh inventiveness and style of “The King of Pop."
23107	These lines (known as E1 lines) appear to be short-lived so that within two or three weeks, they are replaced by a simpler broad-line spectrum (BL), although a few narrow lines (E2) persist for an extended period.
23108	"The Selle Italia SLR Team Edition saddle is the team version of their long-standing SLR model.
23109	These longer appointments give more chance to discuss problems in a safe space and for people to not only be listened to, but given something they can actively do to address their need.
23110	These major marketing questions apply to any creative business, regardless of your product or service, or if you want to market to consumers or trade.
23111	These maps are based on data collected in 2013.
23112	These may be the hardest to come by - humility because it means shooing away my pride, responsibility because I am in the habit of using my gambling addiction as a thin excuse for getting out of obligations.
23113	The semi finals of the Golesworthy cup take place at Washbrook meadows Ottery this Thursday and Friday.
23114	The semi-precious stone sits between sparkling diamonds on a contemporary 9ct white gold band.
23115	These mixtures include breath-test mixtures for the UK police forces, binary mixtures for continuous emissions monitoring systems and MOT exhaust gas mixtures.
23116	These modules will equip you to analyse, understand and discuss the major changes, problems and opportunities facing societies and people in the Global South.
23117	These mugs might be classic vintage, have historic value, are elaborately decorated (think English beer steins!) or created by well known potters.
23118	These must be arranged and pre-paid by phoning 0871 210 2100.
23119	The SEND Code of Practise provides statutory guidance for the implementation of the reforms of the Children and Families Act 2014.
23120	These needn't be large, they needn't jut out into the room too far.
23121	These need to be installed by a heating engineer, but they allow you to prevent the water from overheating, which can save you even more money.
23122	These new programmes further provide us with a more flexible and diverse product range.”
23123	These new standards will be maintained and enforced through the creation of a Professional Standards Board.
23124	These nights could also incorporate new styles of presentation, for example showcasing performances from students in the arts.
23125	These parasites work their way into the liver, where they mature and reproduce.
23126	The separation of the files makes this happen at higher quality – and speeds up the final rendering as well.
23127	These passed through Withington, but they did not stop as the station was regarded as very much a local facility.
23128	These pauses in breathing will be in excess of 10 seconds each and, in people with OSA, can happen from a few to hundreds of times each night.
23129	“These phones that we carry around are tracking devices, they are listening devices, they are windows into who we know, what we search form, who we meet, who we want to meet, when we meet – this metadata of our lives is all contained in these phones.
23130	These physical, emotional and musical pieces are taking place in and around Dundee, setting the tone for the evening ahead.
23131	These placements give you the opportunity to work in the biomedical field with supervision from the University, increase your profile within the industry and enhance your CV before graduation.
23132	These plans are person centred and reflect the recovery approach to maximise each individual’s personal wishes and needs.
23133	These plans get reviewed quarterly.
23134	These points were made repeatedly in the Commons debate, including by MPs Ben Bradshaw and Paul Williams, both of who sit on the Commons health committee.
23135	These policies cover all areas of our work, including relationship counselling, family mediation and child contact centres.
23136	These policies have also raised expectations of higher inflation as employment rises and increases consumer spending.
23137	These postcards were the text messages and emails of the day, giving a captivating insight into those visiting the town over 100 years ago and their reasons for being here.”
23138	These problems can be caused by a wide range of conditions including cerebral palsy, Down’s Syndrome and autism.
23139	These programmes are contributing towards the UK Government's overall commitment to save the lives of at least 50,000 women during pregnancy and childbirth and 250,000 newborn babies by 2015.
23140	These programmes can improve both children’s and parents’ mental health and wellbeing.
23141	These properties are exempt from un-occupied rates for up to 18 months (up to state aid limits) where the property comes on to the rating list between 1 October 2013 - 30 September 2016.
23142	These provide feedback and experience gained from previous installations as well as identifying some of our design preferences.
23143	These pups will leave at 8 weeks and will already have recall,and sit on command and wait for food.
23144	These questions, and questions like these, have important implications for global financial markets, monetary policy and the economic outlook.
23145	These range from lost keys, burst pipes and broken windows to the long-term securing of serious crime scenes.
23146	These records give the details of 20, 593 people removed from Wiltshire under the 1662 Poor Law Relief Act between 1670 and 1890.
23147	These regulations were created to ensure all countries in the EU make every possible effort to separate harmful electrical waste and ensure it's safely recycled.
23148	These relevant suppliers have confirmed they adhere to this code of conduct.
23149	These reserves and parks are a haven for wildlife and also serve as a location for local volunteers to be trained and develop skills in conservation.
23150	These resorts are spread across the UK and each one has its own unique characteristics, so regardless of the length of time you are looking to stay we are sure we have a destination which would be perfect for you.
23151	These resorts stretch from Brittany through Normandy and south.
23152	These responsibilities and rights will usually be laid down in what’s known as a tenancy agreement.
23153	The series is divided chronologically into three sets—for the periods 1066-1300 (9 vols.
23154	The series marries Daniel’s enthusiasm for science, history and engineering in a unique way.
23155	The series of three HAC admission registers (begun in 1848) was allowed to lapse after July 1914.
23156	These rooms can accommodate families and individuals as well as groups of all sizes.
23157	These Rules and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots law.
23158	These Rules will apply to any beginning on or after 1 October 2013.
23159	The servers powering and facilitating these services are located in secure data centres ONLY within the EU, and personal data may be stored in any one of them.
23160	The service can advise when this might be appropriate.
23161	The service has already assisted firms with more than £7m of funding and is expected to provide up to £10m in 2016.
23162	The service has strong community links and therefore any work that the young person requires upon release is passed onto the relevant service to ensure a seamless through care process is provided for the young person.
23163	The service I received was professional from start to finish, everything ran smoothly and the tiles were delivered to site in a timely fashion.
23164	The service is based within the council's Welfare Rights Service and offers free independent, confidential advice, support and assistance with debt problems.
23165	The service is chargeable as ants are not considered to be prejudicial to health (i.e. do not transmit disease) they are more of a nuisance problem.
23166	The service is dedicated to fulfilling the customers needs every time.
23167	The service is intended to be cost effective as all of their prices are very competitive, enabling customers and clients alike to get back on track in the least possible time.
23168	The service is provided free to young people aged 13 - 19 years and those up to age 25 with Special Educational Needs or requiring additional support to enable them to achieve good life outcomes.
23169	The service is responsible for the management of six active cemeteries, fifteen closed burial grounds and the Southern Crematorium (Wilford Hill).
23170	The service is to the customers budget from a 'one off' thorough cleaning to a monthly or quarterly cleaning and maintenance.
23171	The service, led by the Dean of Coventry the Very Reverend John Witcombe, includes Cyrille’s former West Bromich Albion teammate and fellow ‘pioneering’ black footballer Brendon Batson.
23172	The service received from Business Magnet has been excellent and the number of internet based leads we get has risen dramatically since we took an online marketing scheme out with them.
23173	The services at Clifton Hospital were delivered caring and compassionate staff.
23174	The services provided will meet full NICEIC regulations as ACT is established experienced and registered as electrical contractors and domestic Installers.
23175	The services we offer also include site preparation, cost estimates, ground works, and repair works.
23176	The service will allow you to keep your valuable documents.
23177	The Service will be activated only when the payment shall be received by Namesco.
23178	The service will enable WH Smith customers to save money on their home phone, digital TV and broadband bills, without having to trawl through the market, looking for the best deals themselves.
23179	The service will simulcast the game as it happens on both Freeview and on its Facebook page.
23180	The service worked well with other healthcare professionals and agencies to ensure the needs of vulnerable women were met.
23181	These samples were genetically divergent from CHV and nonprimate hepaciviruses that horses were infected with during 2012 in New York state, USA.
23182	These services cover all construction business sectors, including industries as diverse as Energy (including Nuclear), Rail, Transport, Utilities, Education and Health.
23183	These services provide fostering for families fleeing domestic abuse, the elderly and other personal crisis.
23184	These sessions may be supplemented by sessions in the Biosciences Teaching Lab on the Streatham campus, and computer-based practicals in the Medical School’s IT suite.
23185	These should always be treated with the utmost caution by the workers.
23186	These should be placed in a clear plastic bag by your bin on collection day.
23187	These should provide important support to consumers as they prepare for digital switchover."
23188	These show how natural resources can continue to benefit the health and well-being of the people of Wales for the future – if those resources are managed sustainably.
23189	These simple words have been written about many times and taken to mean many things.
23190	These sites - which include 150 prehistoric monuments all lie within a six-mile radius of Kilmartin village itself.
23191	These skills are highly transferable and attractive to a very wide variety of employers.
23192	These software solutions cover Pharmacy, Electronic Prescribing and Medicines Administration and Chemotherapy Management systems.
23193	These sources fall within our consolidated financial statement.
23194	These spaces will be available until the end of the May exam period – after this time they will revert to normal use.
23195	The session dates will be announced on the Mill’s website at whitchurchsilkmill.
23196	The session is for a group of Primary ITE student teachers looking specifically at lesson planning.
23197	The session on Friday includes a Toy Library.
23198	The sessions are designed to have a conversation with invited experts from the United Kingdom and locally in Nottingham, so people can share insights, expertise, experience and ideas by way of facilitated conversation points.
23199	The sessions are informal and designed to encourage pupils to write imaginatively, to gain confidence, to develop language and critical skills and to see themselves as potential university material.
23200	These statistics are used in the compilation of business survey statistics in Northern Ireland.
23201	These stunning 9ct white gold earring are set with dazzling brilliant round cut gemstones.
23202	These subjects are vital for our universities, economy and society and are vulnerable in times of tighter funding.
23203	These SVQs in Scientific Manufacture (Filling/Finishing Operations) is suitable for candidates working in biomanufacturing.
23204	These swim nappies are reduced as the size range had been changed recently.
23205	These systems offer a high level of security to home owners for a relatively low price.
23206	These tackles are common in football.
23207	These tariffs are for people with prepayment meters and enable customers to pay in advance for gas and electricity by 'topping-up' their meter using prepay tokens, cards or a key.
23208	These tariffs sensibly belong to the EU given that the goods are entering a single EU wide market.
23209	These tax efficient investment vehicles are not a suitable option for everyone, but may be appropriate if you are already doing all the things mentioned so far, and have additional funds to invest.
23210	These taxes are administered and collected by local councils.
23211	These taxes are not included in our prices but we will notify you when applicable.
23212	These techniques will be illustrated for models arising in nuclear power plant design, quantum-informed material characterization, and HIV modeling and treatment.
23213	These technologies have the potential to be very empowering for blind and partially sighted people.
23214	These Terms cannot be varied except with the express written agreement of the Editor of the relevant Publication.
23215	These terms of use shall be governed by Scots law, and you agree that any dispute between us regarding them or the Site will only be dealt with by the Scottish courts.
23216	These Terms set out the entire agreement between you and us and supersede any and all prior terms, conditions, warranties and/or representations to the fullest extent permitted by law.
23217	These tests can cause untold worry through false positives, and even reassuring wrongly through false negatives.
23218	These, then, are some suggested values we might use to inform how we assess the performance of a MEOB.
23219	These third parties are not capable of using these cookies for any purpose other than those outlined above and they are unable to identify you with these cookies.
23220	These three attacks on public sector pensions led to 30 November - the biggest strike in recent British history.
23221	These tiles may cost in between £8.35 and £10.94 per square foot of flooring project.
23222	These Trainers feature Lace-up fastening, cushioned insole and Synthetic & Textile lining.
23223	The setting and the quality of the beer, in particular the Millstone Tiger Rut make this a venue one to seek out.
23224	The settlor had thereby failing to create the intended trust, and the court had the power to rectify the deed.
23225	The set-up costs would be provided by monies already in the company.
23226	These two waterfalls are a long distance further upstream from Pont Rhyd-y-cnau.
23227	The seven-race card is due to start at 2.20pm.
23228	The severe housing shortage usually means spending many years in temporary accommodation while bidding for a permanent home.
23229	These virtually pain free aligners offer a smooth transition to a stunning, natural smile.
23230	These walks have been created to allow the walker to enjoy the wonderful countryside and untouched natural beauty of the area.
23231	These website builders normally include templates designed for different types of businesses; including retail, restaurants and bars, or other services.
23232	These were now available and tabled by Officers at the meeting.
23233	These were the central demands of the Charter for the Recognition of Every Casualty of Armed Violence at the British Academy in London with the support of over 40 NGOs from around the world.
23234	These were the issues that I used as a starting point for this first seminar with my new colleagues: what we understand by ‘engagement’ and ‘impact’ and how digital engagement can enable us to develop new skills and competencies.
23235	These whirlpool tubs are equipped with pumps with 230V~/50Hz and equipment with 230V~/50Hz (model BF04).
23236	These will be awarded in the normal manner, based on merit and/or financial need and are not affected by the ELQ policy.
23237	These would make a great lunch on the go, possibly make the night before and then save any remains for the next day maybe with some salad and some spice infused/adapted coleslaw.
23238	These young people are often cut off from mainstream services and often involved in anti-social behaviour as a result of their drinking.
23239	The SFCR is the key public disclosure under Solvency II.
23240	The SFO worked closely with its partner agencies on the investigation including the Financial Conduct Authority and the US Department of Justice.
23241	The SGU’s are also responsible for dealing with individuals who are registered sex offenders, under the terms of the Sex Offenders Act 1997 and other offenders who are regarded as a potential danger to the community.
23242	The share price has fallen some 40% since the 2013 peak.
23243	The shark has been databased and its details are available online so that other researchers can request visits to conduct research.
23244	The shelf lights illuminate through the integrated holes in the base of the shelves, and will light up the space beneath them.”
23245	The shepards hut was clean and cosy with a snug real duvet and crisp cotton sheets.
23246	The SHE Show North West, launched 5 years ago, has now been recognised as an event that attracts speakers who are some of the most inspirational, cutting edge thinkers in their fields and can blast away many of the common myths and misperceptions of SHE.
23247	The shimmering handmade candles by in Strachur provide some seasonal sparkle.
23248	The shock of George Lois’s covers meant people who were going to buy another magazine switched at point-of-purchase.
23249	"The shooters are in there.
23250	The shop updates this section regularly and even indicates which items’ prices have recently dropped, and by how much, so you can see the savings clearly.
23251	The Short Mat Bowls Club is a small, friendly club, who meet on a Tuesday evening from 7pm to 9.30pm.
23252	The short talks were interspersed with TED Talks videos, video shorts and musical entertainment from Fallibroome students Jodie Buckland and Eliza Beresford, and Chetham’s student Vladimir Anisimov.
23253	The shots show the programme's main protagonist Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) with his arms lovingly wrapped around fellow lead character Claire (Caitriona Balfe).
23254	The shower head has numerous settings: all useful.
23255	The show focussed on the lives of a tight group of friends, beginning life in high school and tracking them through into college days.
23256	The show has clearly struck a chord with a great many viewers and we are very much looking forward to dumping more country life problems on Nicky and Steve in series 2.”
23257	The show is billed as a story of hope, courage, and how to be a family when it seems the universe is against you.
23258	The show raised funds for the CLIC Sargent charity, having previously raised over £3,000.
23259	The show runs at the Island Hall in Lisburn until Saturday September 9 and tickets are available from the Box Office on 9250 9254.
23260	The show sees Bussell investigate the life of famed ballerina Margo Fonteyn, following her footsteps across London, New York and Panama to reveal the details of her life - both tragic and inspiring.
23261	The show, starring the group Smackee, will feature the music of, among others, Judy Garland, Doris Day and The Shadows.
23262	The show was excellent, the driver was excellent and the hotel was excellent.
23263	‘The show will see Vicky guide members of the public through weight struggles.’
23264	The Siberian tiger claims the title of largest feline, whilst the of India and Sri Lanka, holds the accolade for smallest.
23265	The side garden is an excellent idea for both children and kept the adults entertained as well.
23266	The significance of the war was, people have said that before that war, they would say ‘the United States are,’ and then afterwards ‘the United States is.’
23267	The significant traffic increase for both parties suggests that digital marketing tactics were used by both parties (and their supporters).
23268	The sign is designed to be visible up to 50 metres in front or behind the vehicle.
23269	“The silver lining for drivers is that these surpluses must almost exclusively be ploughed back into transport and as any motorist will tell you there is no shortage of work to be done.”
23270	The Silvertown tunnel has been given the go-ahead by the Department for Transport.
23271	The Sim Centre, in the university’s Technology Park, hosted the first part of the day with images from the music festival projected on to the giant screen, while students had to work together to contain the unfolding disaster and treat the casualties.
23272	The Simple Human 45ltr Pedal Bin has a wide opening and a large capacity – ideal for throwing away bulk items.
23273	The singer – who, with 125million followers, is the most popular person on the site – had her page briefly deactivated when hackers gained access and posted naked pictures…
23274	The Singing Ringing Tree was designed by the architectural practice Tonkin Liu and consists of a series of metal tubes of varying lengths arranged in such as way as to produce a melodic humming noise as the wind blows through them.
23275	The singing Sparrow Hawks took just three minutes to knock Scot Gemmill’s side off their perch in their Toulon Tournament group clash.
23276	The singular shall be deemed to include the plural, person shall include the firm or company and vice versa.
23277	The Sirius LED Box shelf is a modern LED version of the favourite aluminium box shelf.
23278	The Sir John Betjeman Award celebrates the best conservation work carried out on historic religious buildings in England and Wales, and is run by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings.
23279	The Sitbest ergonomic seats, attention to detail, and top-quality materials give you the feeling of comfort, and help you relax.
23280	The site can be found on an unnamed road off the A1 (sign-posted 'Thornton') with a small stile providing entrance into the site.
23281	The site cannot be considered in isolation from traffic flow needs and the historical background to the way the roads are configured.
23282	The site contains 4.7 hectares of lowland meadow – a nationally rare habitat.
23283	The site has been relaunched and it looks so much better than last time.
23284	The site is accessed off Park Grange Road, approximately 3km to the south-east of Sheffield City Centre.
23285	The site is an important tourist facility, attracting over 250,000 people a year to enjoy a range of outdoor activities, the magnificent scenery and the facilities provided at the visitor centre.
23286	The site is small at just under an acre, but it’s near Bethnal Green Tube.
23287	The site itself was practically under water.
23288	The Site itself will create noise and dust pollution for local residents (now 150 households higher due to the Harley Head development) and remove one further are of green space and natural habitat.
23289	The site offers 24-hour access, with secure onsite parking.
23290	The site of the former church is still visible and used to be marked by several yew trees.
23291	The site was infilled with demolition waste following clearance of buildings damaged by bombing during WWII.
23292	The site was well maintained; the communal toilet and shower blocks were cleaned regularly.
23293	The site, which makes up the grounds of the Holburne Museum, used to be a pleasure garden 200 years ago and, although few of the original features are still standing, the site once bustled with stall owners, entertainers, musicians – even pickpockets.
23294	The site will be both interactive and professional, giving users a friendly experience that they can trust and use as a reference point.
23295	The situation on Tuesday 9 August was transformed by the deployment of large numbers of police officers in Woolwich and the other parts of the capital affected, and in other areas of the country.
23296	The six-inch lizard had burrowed themselves inside a suitcase of diving equipment, which was then transported 6,000 miles across the world by airplane.
23297	The sizeable master bedroom is situated across the hall from the kitchen and lounge offering scenic views of the River Trent, thanks to the extra door onto the roof terrace.
23298	The skilled tradition of breadmaking has been passed down through four generations of the Roberts’ family, who all have a genuine passion for the business and its bread.
23299	The skills gap presents a challenge that, collectively, we must overcome, and working with universities can help better align education with the requirements of the private sector.
23300	The skills that the children build as they move through these topics are truly astonishing.
23301	The skills you will learn, such as thinking clearly and logically, will be useful in a wide range of careers including science, engineering, computing and management.
23302	The Skoda scheme ends on 31 March 2018.
23303	The Sky Sports F1 channel will also be introduced across all Sky Go platforms in March.
23304	The Slave’s Lament (words attributed to Roberts Burns) stands out, with haunting words & tune.
23305	The slaw, fries and corn cob were ideal additions to the plate.
23306	The slim Solar PV panels are a lightweight, low-profile fit on the roof tiles that blend in with the surrounding colouring to be unobtrusive and neat.
23307	The small bowl can be used for rinsing dishes or peeling vegetables while the larger bowl can be used for the bulk of the washing up.
23308	The smaller of these is a 4.8 cm diameter hole entering the core region to within some 10 cm of the centre, and the larger is in the reflector next to the edge of the core.
23309	The smallish garden spaces are very nicely laid out, with the sort of planting that looks good, and works well within the indoor space they have.
23310	The small sized light waste is then loaded and sent as SRF (Waste For Energy), ie burning.
23311	The Smith Commission recommendations on tax led to the publication of draft legislation to change UK tax legislation in January this year.
23312	The smoking prevalence indicators that were based on the Integrated Household Survey (IHS) have been discontinued and replaced with new indicators based on the Annual Population Survey (APS).
23313	The Social Care and Health Centre in the city of Móstoles (Southern Madrid) has been designed with two crucial design considerations: the creation of a multipurpose space on a very tight budget.
23314	The social democrats seized upon the invitation to demand equal representation between strikers and political parties.
23315	The Social Investment Fund is part of a company called Trafford Housing Trust Limited, and it’s Trafford Housing Trust which is responsible for keeping your information safe and complying with the law when we use it.
23316	The social network you decide to use should be based on your audience.
23317	The Societal Resilience Programme convenes impact-orientated, collaborative research to help insurers proactively respond to the widening climate risk protection gap.
23318	The Society will be generating funds and increasing awareness of the Trust through a number of initiatives.
23319	The software created to document all of the National Trust Collections with an inventory of details and photo’s.
23320	The Solesmes school of chant restoration and performance achieved widespread acceptance in the Catholic church and even some Protestant congregations.
23321	The song was written by Gaga in 2007 but it never made the cut on any of her albums, and was later handed to Cher as the first single from her 26th album in 2011.
23322	The songwriting isn't bad, but the production is just awful, removing all the anger and aggression which made the Upstarts such a compelling listen, and replacing it with a slick pop sheen which really didn't suit them.
23323	The sooner it goes, the better!
23324	The sooner the Government acts the better.
23325	The sophisticated Dual Motor mechanism of The Westminster enables you to control the backrest and footrest quicker than most other brands of lift chair.
23326	The soundproofing was good, we barely heard anyone else either through the walls or door.
23327	The sound, the look and the way it is covered in the media is in a constant flux - music molds itself to suit the attitudes of that generation.
23328	The Source One Show Office at the launch of The Hub Business Centre in Ipswich added a bit of quality office style to the occasion.
23329	The southbound entry slip road will be fully closed overnight on Monday 14 May for carriageway work.
23330	The Southern cause has not prospered during the week.
23331	The southern end of Route 46 links with NCN Route 47, which is close to Newport railway and bus stations.
23332	The South Norfolk (Electoral Changes) Order 2017, to implement recommendations made by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England (LGBCE) for new boundaries in South Norfolk, was made on 8 November 2017.
23333	The South West takes its craft beers seriously and Bristol is at the heart of this thriving independent scene.
23334	The South West Women In Construction group says more needs to be done to change the image of the industry to attract more women into it, and boost female representation in the workforce from the current level of just 11 per cent.
23335	The space and beauty of the Yorkshire Dales are within walking or cycling distance, and because Settle has excellent public transport links, you can enjoy it at your own pace.
23336	The space consumed by software, your files of music, movies and the like, can all be managed by good file management and archiving to external drives files you don’t need on your Mac.
23337	The spammers have realised – why use easily fooled bots when intelligent (but very cheap) labour exists?
23338	The spa-resort of Chianciano Terme, 60 miles from Florence, boasts a wonderful climate.
23339	The spa-resort of Chianciano Terme, which lies about 60 miles south of Florence, is our second stop.
23340	The sparge pipes connecting the urinals to the cisterns would generally also be concealed or exposed accordingly.
23341	'The speakers came along to the lunches and dinners, so we really got to talk to them properly.'
23342	The specially created series of events and activities – part of the zoo’s PLAY! season – have been inspired by family favourite animal tales.
23343	The specified results from the site are available on subject to availability.
23344	The spectacular ruins and gardens of Witley Court are just ten minutes' away, whilst Croft Castle and its 1500 acres of woodland can be reached in half an hour.
23345	The Spectator confirmed their understanding of, and respect for, the embargo of ABC data until the scheduled release and undertake to do everything possible to avoid a recurrence.
23346	The speed at which the drummer was moving was captured in illustration.
23347	The Speedworks driver heads to Hampshire this weekend at the top of the standings and with memories of a productive weekend at the track last season fresh in his mind.
23348	The spin I refer to is the 'context' given that inflation is currently 0.1% thereby making the 1% cap for 4 years appear almost generous.
23349	The spokesman added: “The incident was responded to by ambulance and fire crews as well as officers from neighbouring forces.
23350	The spokesman said: “Drivers are also reminded of the importance of watching out for bikers and to always look carefully when pulling out of junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.
23351	The spokesperson for the Ministry, Joaquim Mataruca, said this phase in the destruction of obsolete material should be complete by mid-May.
23352	The spokesperson for the Ministry's Coordinating Council, Pedro Biche, told reporters on 22 August that this measure should alleviate overcrowding in primary and secondary schools, particularly in urban areas.
23353	The spokeswoman added that the person who made the call believed there to be “more than ten” people involved in a brawl.
23354	The sports development team offer a wide range of support for clubs to gain national Governing Body Club mark accreditation and the new Bolton mark.
23355	The Sports Nutrition module builds on knowledge gained during the first and second years of the degree and examines in detail how nutrition can influence the physiological and metabolic factors underpinning athletic performance.
23356	The spotlight continues to shine on Omarosa as the former political aide and reality star dropped more bombshell remarks about the White House on the latest episode of Big Brother.
23357	The spring 2018 collection has finally arrived!
23358	The Spring Statement will also be a chance to publish consultations, including early-stage calls for evidence and consultations on long-term tax policy issues.
23359	“The squad we’ve got is very strong,” he said.
23360	The square became an important place for people to gather to reflect and pay their respects to those who lost their lives.
23361	The square will also provide a focal point for public and cultural events such as Christmas lights switch on, live music, street theatre or Remembrance Day commemorations.
23362	The squeeze on gas supplies is the largest in a decade, with Britain increasingly relying on gas from countries such as Russia to supply both residential and industrial customers.
23363	“The stability of no change is a relief after years of political interference and the salami-slicing of reliefs and allowances,” he said.
23364	The staff and crew were so friendly, it is like coming home when we get onboard.
23365	The staff especially the team of Joseph & Gidek (sic) our room attendants worked above and beyond to insure everything was perfect.
23366	The staff guide app has been created by Bluebird Care’s experts, drawing upon feedback from care teams through workshops across the UK.
23367	The staff made our holiday they were extremely pleasant and helpful, when we entered our caravan the heating had been put on for us which was really nice and the next morning a member of staff knocked on our door to see if everything was ok.
23368	The staff pretend to be nice but the moment u become unhappy about something and mention it to them,.
23369	The Staff Room forms part of a stone built Islay heritage building, An Seann Sgoil ('the old school' in Gaelic) which served the community for over 120 years as Newton Primary School.
23370	"The staff were brilliant and I can still remember all the wee things they did to help us.
23371	The staff were very nice and made me feel very welcome.
23372	The stairs from the entrance hall lead to the first floor which comprises of a huge landing area, a family bathroom and three vast rooms currently used as bedrooms, but can offer large levels of flexibility to suit any potential purchaser.
23373	The standard full-time working week for NHS staff is 37.5 hours.
23374	THE Standard has returned to the Ballot question.
23375	The standard photograph of this new premises shows a building with a bevelled corner, on which can just be made out "Bassett-Lowke Limited Model Engineers", followed by some other text that unfortunately isn't readable.
23376	The standard rate of tariffs that would apply to imports of EU food and drink is far higher than the rate for non-food goods, with duties for some meat and dairy products rising to 80%.
23377	The Standards Committee was established under the Local Government Act 2000.
23378	The Standards for all of the RAF Regiment Squadrons stood proudly behind the RAF Regiment Band.
23379	The standards in the United Kingdom may occasionally be not too bad, but the standards in mainland Europe are unenforced and unenforceable.
23380	The standards of cosmetic surgery in some countries is every bit as good as the UK’s, but may end up costing the same, if not more, so it may be better to stay put.
23381	The standard up! has been the city car of choice after winning over the hearts of motoring journalists across the county and the electric version uses all the same parts except for the engine.
23382	The stand consists of three main panels and two end panels, which curve around the sides.
23383	The standout feature of this bike is it’s able to run bigger tyres – Cannondale refers to it as a 27plus – but at a more accessible price point than other oversized clearance bikes in the range.
23384	The standout performance of the night for me came from Sean Jones, who played an excellent Mickey Johnstone.
23385	The star in the Square has been joined by stars at both hospices and the Gazette offices, as symbols of remembrance for the region’s loved ones.
23386	The star of the show is the liquor which is said to be some of the best in the area.
23387	The Start-Up Series is now open for entries until May 14. Follow in the footsteps of winners RentalStep and Not Dogs by entering this month.
23388	The statement continued: "I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it.
23389	The state-owned Korean company aiming to build West Cumbria’s Moorside nuclear power plant hopes to seal a deal for NuGen by September, a senior energy official has revealed.
23390	The station fronted onto Waterloo Road.
23391	The station is ‘home’ to the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight, featuring historic aircraft from yesteryear.
23392	The station opened as Newton and was renamed Newton Kyme in August 1850.
23393	The station remained open to goods traffic until 23 March 1964; the signal box closed with the goods yard and was demolished.
23394	The statistics show that there has been a 10% rise in cycle deaths in 2012 compared to 2011 and the number of pedal cycle casualties (killed or seriously injured) has risen steadily since 2004.
23395	The Statutory Notice had been removed.
23396	The Steelers then lost to hosts and eventual winners Yunost Minsk, but followed this up with a victory over Italy’s Ritten Sport, securing them a bronze medal, which was a highlight in an otherwise under-par season.
23397	The steel square base design that looks and feels light and simple.
23398	The stock market falls in Shanghai and crisis at Volkswagen coincided with a year of only tentative recovery, when markets were especially sensitive to unforeseen events.
23399	The storage domes - each reinforced with 500 tonnes of concrete - feature pioneering technical solutions to eliminate fire risks surrounding dust generated from the biomass pellets.
23400	The story is subdivided into five books.
23401	The story of the NWG Water Forums.
23402	The stove or boiler should be installed by a competent person, following the maker's instructions and the building regulations and codes of practice.
23403	The strategic objectives of the Safer Roads Officers reflect and fully embrace those outlined in the ACPO Roads Policing 5 Year Strategy 2011 – 2015 document.
23404	The strategy and policies are based on the preferred options to help deliver the land needed to manage Surrey’s waste.
23405	The strategy is a statement of our overall vision, objectives and actions which will meet the future demands on transport for children and young people who live in the Leeds District.
23406	The strategy outlines how the NHS should work with the Government to improve public health, including adopting a new tobacco control strategy within the next 12 months, and a national action plan on obesity.
23407	The Strathclyde Business School is a triple accredited business school.
23408	The street closure re-allocates space, providing the opportunity to create place making improvements.
23409	The street disappeared as a result of reconstruction after the Second World War.
23410	The striking floral design has at its centre a genuine piece of highly polished Whitby Jet surrounded by dainty petals, each.
23411	The strongest winds are associated with the passage of deep depressions across or close to the UK.
23412	“The strong growth in asset finance new business in the first quarter of 2017 was above expectations, and reflects the improved outlook for business investment reported by the Bank of England in its May 2017 Inflation Report.
23413	The structure is so small it cannot be seen by the naked eye.
23414	The structure of the Rose Garden was designed by Harold Nicolson and planted in 1937 on the site of their former kitchen garden.
23415	The Student Funding Office, including the counter in the Student Centre, Chadwick Building, will be open at the following times over the Christmas period.
23416	The Student Immigration Office has dedicated Immigration Advisors who are the only official provider of visa and immigration advice in the University and advice should not be taken from any other source.
23417	The Student Loans Company, who collect annual information on students taking out loans and the amounts borrowed (Tables 21a to 21i).
23418	The student may, if he or she wishes, be accompanied by any other member of the College.
23419	“The students had a great time as did the support staff!
23420	The students hope the new good rating will start to change that reputation.
23421	The Students' Union President is a full time paid position elected via a cross-campus ballot.
23422	The studies should identify whether there are any measures they can take to reduce NO2 air pollution in their areas in the shortest time possible.
23423	The study aims and the quality of the proposal.
23424	The study also finds that rail demand and its growth differ by factors such as gender and age as well as region, although in general there have been strong increases in rail travel for men and women across most age groups.
23425	The study also found that an estimated 64 per cent of adolescents across the borough are affected by conduct disorders such as physical and verbal aggression.
23426	The study describes pride as a 'social pricing signal'.
23427	The study found that golf tourism generated around £220 million for the Scottish economy.
23428	The study is also a proof of principle that tests for cancer DNA in the bloodstream can be used to detect drug resistance mutations – allowing patients who will not benefit from one drug to be given an alternative treatment instead.
23429	The study of ethnic conflict has become multi-disciplinary, thus benefiting from a variety of different sources and approaches.
23430	The study of the development of psychological processes in childhood.
23431	The study, published today in Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), also highlights a novel gene, known as ‘VPS4A’, that appears to regulate levels of dopamine in key areas of the brain.
23432	The stunning exterior flows into an exquisite interior which has been crafted to the highest quality standards.
23433	The stunning landscape is dotted with remote moorland, drystone walls and barns.
23434	The style will ensure that you effectively improve your additional room or space, no matter what the weather conditions are.
23435	The Sub-Committee was informed that the Council was aware of such issues and in response Councillor Paul Church had recently been appointed the Council’s mental health champion.
23436	The sub-tenant may have permission to put a lock on her/his door.
23437	The successful applicant will receive a competitive basic salary, working a Part Time pattern of 8 hours over 2 days.
23438	The successful candidates will preferably hold a Master or Chief Mate Certificate of Competency although a minimum Officer of the Watch Unlimited Certificate is acceptable.
23439	The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate design and development experience on substantial, relevant projects.
23440	The successful candidate will be employed by Aberdeenshire Council and work within the wages, terms and conditions of the Council.
23441	The successful candidate will be highly organised and will be able to build professional relationships with internal and external clients.
23442	The successful candidate will be passionate about their discipline, innovative and committed to continuing professional development.
23443	The successful candidate will have a strong general accountancy practice background and have over 10 years’ experience in Practice.
23444	The successful supplier will be asked to work with the client on a repeat basis, making this a great fit for those that are looking to fill ongoing capacity.
23445	The success of every hotel is dependent on its staff, and from the moment one arrives at the Widbrook Grange it is very clear that there is a great team of friendly, professional people ready and waiting to make your stay there special.
23446	The Suffolk County Amateur Swimming Association held the 16th annual Suffolk Swimability meeting at Waterlane Leisure Centre’'s swimming pool in Lowestoft.
23447	The Suffolk Show provides an ideal platform upon which to conduct business, whether agricultural related or other.
23448	The suggestion that persons convicted of criminal offences could obtain compensation or indemnity in tort in respect of penalties imposed by the criminal law would undoubtedly strike most people as bizarre and abhorrent.
23449	The Suite can be partitioned for two smaller events for up to 60 guests.
23450	The Summer Budget changes formally completed their progress through the legislative process and received royal assent on 18 November 2015.
23451	The summit of the hill is the highest point in the borough and on a clear day has stunning views.
23452	The Sun Apprentices were recruited by the News Academy before the final three were selected by The Sun.
23453	The Sunday Times reported she was found by a court to have made vexatious claims against MI5, MI6, the Royal Mail, her broadband supplier and local council.
23454	The sunny weather - along with a bigger number of acts than ever - helped to bring an extra 2,000 people to the party.
23455	The superb production stars the world’s No.1 MJ impersonator Navi, who was actually invited to perform at two of Michael Jackson’s birthday parties in LA and New York.
23456	The Supercar Weekend is a must for all supercar enthusiasts, providing an opportunity to get almost close enough to touch these impressive motors!
23457	The Superintendent advised that there was relocation package policy in place and advised on the terms.
23458	The supermarket wines you NEED to know about, including an award-winning £5 prosecco!
23459	The supplier wanted to inspect the phone but Mr G was unwilling to allow this, so he decided to complain instead to his credit card provider.
23460	The Support desk will investigate and try to sort it out.
23461	The support staff and lecturers have an informal open door policy which helped greatly when I needed help with anything.
23462	The support we have received from Smarter In Design who run the site has been continually very good.
23463	The surface of routes is variable and we recommend anyone walking in the rural areas to wear waterproof clothes and boots.
23464	The surface of the radiators should be cleaned using warm water and a damp cloth.
23465	The surgery was brutal, though her surgeon, Richard Handley, was one of the gentlest men I have ever met.
23466	The surrounding area affords a good range of shops, supermarkets, amenities and recreational facilities including the newly refurbished Haltemprice Sports Centre.
23467	The survey demonstrated a disparity between UK regions with businesses based in London appearing to embrace the entrepreneurial culture far quicker than many other areas.
23468	The survey of 5,314 adults found the number of people saving enough increased from 46% to 56% since auto-enrolment was introduced in 2012.
23469	The survey of over 2,000 tenants found tenants had been caught out by unexpected costs not covered by the landlord, for example boiler repairs, flood damage, and property maintenance.
23470	The survey runs until 19 July.
23471	The surveys provide regular information about the public's health that cannot be obtained from other sources.
23472	The survey, which will be open until the end of October, explores the types of MHFA training received by the organisation, and what has happened or may happen in the future as a result.
23473	The survey will close at midday on Thursday 29 March.
23474	The Swansea based animal rescue centre had to stop taking in abandoned, …
23475	The swing as Richard mentioned is great fun for kids and adults and the scenery was amazing.
23476	The Syria attack drew support from the European Union, Germany, Israel and other allies while British Prime Minister Theresa May said reports indicate the Syrian government used a barrel bomb to deliver the chemicals used in an attack on Douma.
23477	The system comes with the Amplify feature that accentuates the different senses involved with driving, such as touch, scent and hearing.
23478	The system installed at the nursery comprises of two identical Entrade units, together producing 50 kW of electrical power and 120 kW of heat.
23479	The system involves an event organiser (the "premises user") giving a TEN to the licensing authority and copying this to the police and the local authority exercising environmental health functions.
23480	The system is programme controlled to ensure a performance suitable for most individual requirements and to provide you with a separate hot water supply.
23481	The system of slave registration was gradually introduced by 1817.
23482	‘The system of systems’ is a military term that embraces the doctrine of ‘total interoperability’ and ‘full spectrum dominance’, whereby warfare becomes ‘a permanent boundless exercise … against a wide range of non-state adversaries’.
23483	The T2A Pathway programme, 6 three-year pilots demonstrating effective practice for young adults throughout the criminal justice system, comes to an end.
23484	The T8 features all the premium luxury of the other XC90 models, and you can even have seven seats, although you do pay for the privilege if you’re not getting this as a company vehicle.
23485	The table here is set up for my students to tackle self portraits.
23486	The tacky ground prevented him from travelling with his usual fluency and only two days ago he was lame with a poultice on his foot.
23487	The tail of the ski really hangs on and gives a good dose of acceleration coming out of the turn.
23488	The take away products proved to be so popular they are offered in any shop with an oven.
23489	The takeaway sector has an important role to play in tackling obesity but this is a highly complex issue, with sedentary lifestyles, lack of exercise, and nutritional education also major factors.
23490	“The Takeover Festival at The Customs House is part of the national Takeover Day initiative providing young people with leadership opportunities, employability skills and a chance to try something new.
23491	The talk will be held at Caversham Primary School at 7.45pm on Wednesday, May 22nd.
23492	The Tangerines failed for the second successive season to gain promotion back to the Premiership but Martin has stressed how the uptake in ticket books has given everyone at Tannadice a “boost.”
23493	The Tangle Teezer is the invention of Shaun Pulfrey, a hair colourist, who realised that using the back of a hairbrush on freshly-washed hair was a much more pleasant experience for his customers than using the traditional wide-toothed comb.
23494	The Tanzanian Government disown an advertisement seeking suppliers of soda ash mining equipment for Lake Natron and deny that the project has been given a green light.
23495	The tarmac has a lot of grip, so the tires degrade heavily in the race.
23496	The Taxation system becoming digital will cater to their needs.
23497	The tax systems they espouse seem to look back and to tax people more.
23498	The team and I love the variety and diversity the seasons bring - new colours, inspirations and gardening challenges are what inspires us!
23499	The team at Express Van Logistics specialise in commercial and industrial small to medium haulage and Couriers throughout Pilsley & the rest of the United Kingdom.
23500	The Team brings together residents, traders, church leaders, councillors and officials, all working together to make Stalybridge a better place for people to live, to work and to shop.
23501	The team has five vehicles carrying five modules full of equipment to carry out the main disciplines of USAR operations.
23502	The team has over 30 years of experience in the services that we offer and work to the highest of standards.
23503	The team in Harvard were inspired by the abalone, and like many other crustaceans, abalone can convert CO2 into calcium carbonate to build their hard rock shells.
23504	" The team is able to handle a wide range of matters in terms of size and complexity"
23505	The team is complemented and supported by fifteen fully skilled machinists, each with years of experience in the sub-contract machining sector.
23506	The Team of the Year Award was won by the netball first team for a fantastic season that has seen incredible development and success in league promotion.
23507	The team rode in pairs on each leg of the challenge.
23508	The team say that by altering artificial cell membranes they can now get the cells to stick together like ‘stickle bricks’ – allowing them to be arranged into whole new structures.
23509	"The team should take great encouragement that, with so many players absent, they pushed a side including several National Conference League players very close – especially as nine of the starting 13 were aged 23 or under.
23510	The team successfully achieved an outstanding report from the CQC at their first inspection, one that we are all now proud of”.
23511	The team supports anyone over 18 who is sleeping rough in Westminster, who has a mental illness and is unwilling or unable to access mainstream mental health services.
23512	The teams’ wealth of knowledge is second to none in ensuring that your site meets full performance and your business meets no downtime and loss of profit.
23513	The team was nominated for a Nursing Times award this year in recognition of their achievements.
23514	The team will play in the newly formed Ryman Under 21 League which starts next season.
23515	The team will seek to deepen understanding of why patterns of change in occupational structures have varied so widely across countries, taking into account technological change as a disrupter.
23516	The TEC carry out regular unannounced enforcement visits to West Lothian sometimes during office hours but more often at busy weekend periods.
23517	The Techicolor TG589 router prompts you to save your backup file.
23518	The technicians are fully Ford-trained, so they’ll know your vehicle inside out.
23519	The technique also enables the researchers to grow organoids from endometrial cancer cells.
23520	The technology learns when to send it for you, so the journalist doesn’t have to guess.”
23521	The teenager who threw Ben the cat into the canal also admitted breaching a criminal behaviour order.
23522	The template-based provisioning facilitates simple scripting of provisioning operations.
23523	The Temple of Peace is a well-known landmark building within the civic centre, often referred to as Cathays Park.
23524	The Tenancy Deposit Protection Scheme has been set up, and does protect both landlords and tenants by holding deposit monies in an approved Government scheme.
23525	The Tenant is required to pay the rent and comply with the covenants as set out in the Lease.
23526	The ten products listed in this chapter were as good of a place as any to start.
23527	The Terence Higgins Trust is offering grants of up to £1,000 to young people in the North West to come up with creative ideas about how to educate their friends about relationships and sex.
23528	The term ‘ante post’ comes from the world of horse racing.
23529	The term ‘Domestic Violence’ is one, that in my naivety, I thought related to physical abuse in a relationship.
23530	The term ‘Fresssh Image’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Unit 3 Fletcher Court, Farnsfield, Newark, NG22 8LY.
23531	The terms represent the entire agreement between you and us relating to the Competition and/or the Prize and supersede any prior representations, agreements, negotiations or understandings (whether oral or in writing).
23532	The term "Ulsternet", "Irelandnet", "Alpha Newspaper Group" or "us" or "we" or "our" refers to the Alpha Newspaper Group and represents the newspapers published by the Alpha Newspaper Group.
23533	The tests in wet and dry conditions, the qualifying session - everything went according to plan or even better.
23534	The text is from a neighbour, who is very ill himself.
23535	The text that you were putting in the ad itself?
23536	THE Thame Country Fair is back over the Easter bank holiday, opening on Sunday and Monday from 10am to 6pm daily.
23537	The thieves have never been officially identified.
23538	The thinking is that the Federal Reserve’s plan to raise rates a further three times in 2018 is vindicated by green shoots in personal income growth.
23539	The thin-skinned Mr Musk has better things to do than add to them just because he is going through a rough patch.”
23540	The third aim is to produce valuable research and analytical tools to be adapted to other countries in which business are complicit in human rights violations.
23541	The third and final MX2 race saw Steven Lenoir took the victory ahead of Elliott Banks-Browne in second and Neville Bradshaw in third place.
23542	The third country regimes in financial servcies are a patchwork of over-restrictive rules, which raise costs and reduce choice for European consumers.
23543	The third-highest lot price of the day also came from the jewellery section.
23544	The third level comprises a more broadly based study including additional genera in the Didymocarpoid Gesneriaceae of Weber's recent classification of the family.
23545	The thirteen models on the forecourt and in our showrooms that will be available for you to view on the day span a wide range of layouts, profiles and interior fittings plus you can choose between automatic and manual transmission.
23546	The thoroughness of his research makes it a useful resource for anyone wanting an introduction to this chapter of history.
23547	The three atmospheric empty Victorian swimming pools will be transformed into another world.
23548	The three bays at either side show three storeys of lesser height set against the two principal floors at the centre.
23549	The three goal deficit was too big a deficit to peg back but the hosts were finally stunned into action and Hunt scored his first goal for the first team after being played through and slotting past the keeper in the 67th minute.
23550	The three important things to consider when I think about getting ready for a red carpet are your hair, make-up and skin.
23551	The three passengers I traveled with and myself have all been to Cozumel before so we did our own touring and sightseeing off the ships recommendations.
23552	The Thursday Post: Inspired?
23553	The ticket distribution of meat worked with great smoothness in Kendal last week when it was upon its trial, and though it put a great deal of extra work upon the butchers it relieved the public of anxiety concerning supplies.
23554	The Tidy Towns Report for 2008-11 gives some very impressive statistics including that since 2008 1,225 community volunteer groups have been established and 33,750 volunteers have donated both their time and labour.
23555	The tigers arrived at Chessington on February 21 but are being kept out of public view until Land of the Tiger opens to allow them to settle in.
23556	The tights also feature antibacterial and UPF50+ sun protection.
23557	The Tiguan feels slightly nicer to drive, but the Evoque’s standard four-wheel drive gives it a traction edge, especially in bad conditions.
23558	The tiled bathroom has a white suite with shower over the bath and heated towel rail.
23559	The time back at the resort was very nice and relaxing.
23560	The timer on my Smeg tumble dryer DRY72 does not count down?
23561	The time will predominantly be spent in the Truro office with frequent site visits within the South West.
23562	The timing of this will depend on individual circumstances, including the size of the company and the importance of the absentee to the business.
23563	The tiny house was also home for an auntie, uncle and two cousins, and everyone was crowded into four rooms, scrambling for the little food available.
23564	The tip is to keep going.
23565	The tipper vehicle suffered minor damage but the driver was unhurt.
23566	The Tiptree Tea Room sells traditional sandwiches, lunches, and cakes, the Tiptree Pantry features a quick self-service menu, while the Magic Mushroom provides fine-dining.
23567	The tireless efforts of a community workforce volunteering thousands of unpaid hours to help Norfolk’s wildlife was celebrated at an annual awards ceremony.
23568	The tissue strips were adhered with a low concentration of methylcellulose (2%) in water.
23569	The Titans were penalised in the opening seconds, and Sharp exploited this by putting Scottish deep into the Titans 22. From the following line out, Scottish tried the catch and drive but it was short.
23570	The title, which launched in September 2014, was up 9 per cent year-on-year to 80,899.
23571	The toilet is 45cm high, and has a transfer space to the right.
23572	The TolB N-terminus is the docking site for TolA, an inner membrane protein which spans the periplasm and is connected to the pmf via its contacts with TolQ and TolR.
23573	The Tolworth Hurdle is due off at 2.25 at Sandown on Saturday 6th January and will be televised live on ITV4.
23574	The TomTom GO 6200 is clearly the best sat-nav here.
23575	The tool is designed to demonstrate a sensible and proportionate approach for businesses.
23576	The tool presumes that it will be intact: the tool relies on a lengthy list of presumptions, including the rate of inflation and pension fund management charges.
23577	The Tories have now changed the eligibility.
23578	The Tories have proposed to create an additional tax free band for main residences worth £175,000 per person (so it doubles up to £350,000 for married couples and those in a civil partnership).
23579	The Tory and media campaign of fanning resentful nationalism has been clever, co-ordinated, and probably quite successful.
23580	The Tory MP then continued: "And Boris Johnson spoke of our ability to support our NHS after Brexit.
23581	The Total Amount Payable includes charges and fees, and offers a much clearer representation of how much any loan will cost you.
23582	The total number of deaths in 2011 comprised 234,660 male and 249,707 female deaths representing a fall of 1.4 per cent for males and 2.2 per cent for females compared with 2010.
23583	The total number of pigs in England declined by 3% compared with June 2013, to just under 4 million head.
23584	The total number of unique recipients who opened and viewed the email.
23585	The tour was awesome and the fjords and Tongass park are absolutely beautiful.
23586	“The tour will cover the whole garden and ignore the regular routes that visitors would normally take when visiting the gardens,” said Mr. Williams.
23587	The tower has a heavy set of six bells and a chiming mechanism plays three separate hymn tunes every weekday, and a different one on Sundays.
23588	“The town council have expressed their dissatisfaction with the proposal in terms which we support.
23589	The town has a classic planned layout with a wide High Street running towards the triangular Market Square.
23590	The town's most dedicated Maxonians were honoured at the Macclesfield Mayor's Civic Awards.
23591	The town’s most famous resident, the late Sir Patrick Moore, had one of his observatories obliterated.
23592	The town was supposed to have been bulldozed flat when the scheme finished in 1986 but today Twizel thrives as the nearest town to Mt Cook and as a service town for the Mackenzie Region.
23593	The track becomes a tarmac road.
23594	The track is well-used and leads down to the sea near some old buildings.
23595	The track up from Glenridding is part of the Coast to Coast.
23596	The trading operation of Garden House Hospice Care are selling pre-loved clothing, toys, games, and DVDs and with many items a £1 or less there should be a bargain for the whole family.
23597	The Trading Post is a family run business which operates out of an old chapel on Wakefield Road in Featherstone near Pontefract in West Yorkshire.
23598	The traditional cottage style kitchen has tiled flooring comprising a generous range of oak base level storage cupboards and drawers with matching higher level storage cupboards.
23599	The tradition, the history around this tournament is magnificent.
23600	The Trafford Integrated Network Director (TIND) gave a brief presentation to the Committee covering the main aspects of integrated services between Trafford Council and Pennine Care NHS Trust.
23601	The trail can be used by horse riders, cyclists and walkers.
23602	The trail is very popular amongst the pupils so a rota is used to ensure every class gets a fair chance to challenge themselves on it, with extra plays going to the classes with the best attendance records for the week.
23603	“The train arrived on time, I got a seat, it wasn’t delayed en route and we arrived almost on time.”
23604	The trainers provide staff with an insight into the lives of people with a learning disability or autism.
23605	The training delivery team consists of two very experienced professionals, one from social work and one from teaching.
23606	The training with AVA helped me understand the trauma caused by sexual violence and then, another piece of the puzzle: a chat with April from Worthing Churches Homeless Project about women in the street community and I have the beginnings of a plan.
23607	The tram was re-launched into service on Saturday 13th June 2015 after 18 months of extensive overhaul in the Crich Tramway workshops, with funding support from London County Council Tramways Trust.
23608	The transcriptional repressor Blimp1 is expressed in rare luminal progenitors and is essential for mammary gland development.
23609	The transcription is presented as subtitles superimposed on the slides, on a second screen, or on a web page.
23610	The transfer involves several restrictive covenants for the benefit of the seller, his family and descendants but no further.
23611	The transfer will be subject to a penalty equivalent of 240 days' interest.
23612	The transition to the new contract year is a challenging time for all.
23613	The Trans Pennine Trail is a national coast-to-coast route providing a largely traffic free route for walking and cycling with many sections available for horse riders.
23614	The travellers survived a last minute second period penalty on Evan Stoflet for roughing but they could not stop Manchester from going further ahead on 44mins 49secs when Mike Hammond beat Wiikman for a third time.
23615	The Travelodge is to your left.
23616	The treasures we’re proud to display provide a rare insight to a wealth of ephemeral and popular literature that little survives today outside of the copyright libraries.
23617	The treatment involved Hope having bilateral cochlear implants at Great Ormond Street Hospital when she was nine-and-a-half months old, followed by three yeasr of therapy.
23618	The tree’s limbs need time to settle under their own weight and the tree needs time to develop coping mechanisms following this major shock.
23619	The tree thinning work in Cwm Rhaeadr has happened regularly since the trees were first planted in 1947.
23620	The triage process in use in the department had been adapted without any evidence base or testing.
23621	The Triangle, Basingstoke is a high quality and high density, mixed-use urban solution to the regeneration of the Gresley Road site, which is bound by the Basingstoke ringroad and mainline railways.
23622	The tribunal considered that a condition requiring the taxpayer to retain a qualified tax adviser to assist in the completion and submission of self-assessment tax returns for two years would assist him in producing tax returns free from careless errors.
23623	The Tribunal Judge ruled that the whole charge for the …
23624	The Tri-C endurance outsole uses three different rubber compounds that deliver an equal blend of traction and durability and cushioning, meaning you can cope with the repetitive impact of ultra-running.
23625	The trips run on Sundays until October 29 and no booking is required.
23626	The trip was part of a field work we carried out on artisanal fishers in Accra.
23627	The true measure of any major programme of change is whether it is delivered on time, on budget and to specification.
23628	The Trust are also on the look-out for new members.
23629	The trusted specialist in air conditioning installation, service and maintenance in the UK.
23630	The trustees can act as a sounding board for the executive on press releases, comments to the media or proposed actions to fix the crisis.
23631	The trustees of most schemes are responsible for deciding the investment strategy to be adopted by the scheme.
23632	The trust had not participated in some of the latest national audits and there was limited evidence that the trust was meeting national guidance in relation to end of life care.
23633	The Trust intends to offer the successful candidate a fixed term contract for 2.5 days per week (or equivalent) from November 2017 until December 2019, with a salary c. £11,500 per year.
23634	“The trust is on the public record stating that it has a gap between funded capacity and demand.
23635	The trust itself has to raise £400,000 as part of this project, and while much of this has already been raised, the trustees are appealing for further donations from businesses, organisations or individuals before work can start.
23636	The trust should ensure staff are aware of the trust mission, vision, and strategic objectives.
23637	The trust should ensure that patents privacy and dignity is protected at all times, in particular during handover on Leadon ward.
23638	The trust supports young LGBT people between the ages of 16 and 25 years old.
23639	The Trust was aided from the start of the process to its conclusion when we appointed a partner to enter into a JV with.”
23640	The trust was failing to ensure emergency patients received safe care and treatment and the emergency service was struggling to respond to the needs of patients.
23641	The Trust will be developed around a model of good practice, and assist access and provide opportunities for our learners.
23642	The Tudor historians shaped him as a larger-than-life figure of deformed evil, and the fascination with this character continued long after Henry Tudor’s claim to the throne needed emphatic consolidation.
23643	The Turin Social Forum called a rally and press conference at 5pm on Monday, followed by a mass meeting at 9pm to decide how to organise the following day's demonstration.
23644	The tutorial supervision provides you with guidance on methodology on structuring your research and your writing.
23645	The twin room is accessed via a door direct to the lounge and while it does have a window it is to another room rather than outside.
23646	The two armoured cars he had with him were unable to proceed as the gates were too narrow.
23647	The Two Brothers are the Museum’s oldest mummies and amongst the best-known human remains in its Egyptology collection.
23648	The two developed a close friendship which was to last until Saint-Saëns’s death.
23649	The two gigs were a sure sign Norwich is fast making a name for itself on the national music scene.
23650	The two most-powerful diesels were married to six-speed manual gearboxes and were on offer with an optional six-speed Tiptronic automatic box.
23651	The two-times world champion has qualified for finals night at The O2 for the fifth successive year, with his finest moment coming in 2015 when he defeated Van Gerwen in the final to lift his second Premier League crown.
23652	The two-year-old dog from Tina Robinson and Basher Carmichael of Greenmill, Longtown led from the first bend to win by an impressive 9.5 lengths.
23653	“The type of work we are presenting is not normally photography that the public would encounter.
23654	The types of personal data and special categories of personal data that we collect may vary depending on the nature of the services that we provide to you.
23655	The typography of Amazon’s Kindle is mimicked in the spelling out of “Ash” and there is a surprisingly nostalgic aura to it, as if the future has already gone by.
23656	The UB900 features a new 4K high-precision chroma processor that is equipped with imaging technologies such as chroma processing and high gradation processing that have been refined by the Panasonic Hollywood Laboratory (PHL) Blu-ray R&D facility.
23657	The UCU has announced plans for 14 days of “escalating strike action” to begin on February 22nd if their negotiations with university advocacy group Universities UK (UUK) fail to reach an agreed-upon solution by their conclusion tomorrow.
23658	The UK already has its own separate proposals to ban single use plastics, under plans that are expected to be thrashed out later this year.
23659	The UK Data Service is an ESRC-funded service that offers access to a vast range of data.
23660	The UK faces gridlock on the roads, railways and in the skies, slower mobile and broadband connections and ever-worsening air quality.
23661	The UK fared best with three out of the five years to 2014 returning a positive margin, albeit small and after full economic costs, when compared to a select group of European competitors.
23662	The UK has a long track record of being first when it comes to animal welfare.
23663	The UK is a nation of DIY-ers, spending £30 billion a year on home and DIY improvements but after shelling out for a deposit and house-buying costs, one in five homeowners have turned to parents and grandparents for help with home improvements.
23664	The UK performs well on prices, ranking second – out of five major European countries, plus the USA – for the cheapest communication services.
23665	"The UK plays a leading role in emissions monitoring, as can be seen by the demand for NPL's DIAL facility around the world.
23666	"The UK property market remains highly diverse in respect of marketing times.
23667	The UK's largest research trial of support for carers of people with dementia launches today.
23668	The UK’s leading Builders Merchant, Travis Perkins, has publicly demonstrated its commitment to the UK’s military by signing up to the Armed Forces Covenant at an event attended by Mark Lancaster MP, Minister for Defence, Personnel and Veterans.
23669	The UK VAT threshold for registration for the year 2016/17 is £83,000 and for 2017/18 is £85,000 (from 1 April 2017).
23670	The UK would have to negotiate new agreements jointly or severally with the remaining 27 Member States.
23671	The Ulster Canal Greenway has recently been developed and is used as a walking or biking trail.
23672	The ultimate feel good show!
23673	The ultimate in power dressing, go for bodycon to make a style statement.
23674	The ultimate objective being to provide a framework within which all parties can minimise risk, maximise cost saving and share the resultant rewards.
23675	The uncertainty is one of the things neurologists are certain of.
23676	The uncertainty of Brexit and penal stamp duty costs are we feel the main factors coupled with the wind being taken out of a previously over priced market.
23677	The union congress was not completely wrong-footed.
23678	The unique CRSid (Common Registration Scheme identifier) issued to University staff, students and affiliates for business as usual non-testing purposes is termed as Service CRSid in this document.
23679	The Unique Property Reference Number (UPRN) is a unique twelve digit number assigned to every unit of land and property recorded by local government, this is a statutory obligation.
23680	The unisex Slendertone Abs5 belt takes muscle toning to an intensive new level!
23681	The United Kingdom held a referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU, and the majority vote was to leave.
23682	The United States dominates the gold medal list.
23683	The unit offers suggestions on a range of topics from developing a school policy, purchasing and organising resources, to health and safety, as well as tips for using resources and contact details for equipment suppliers.
23684	The unit runs 6 days a week and has an out-of-hours ‘on call’ service for emergency procedures 365 days a year.
23685	The unit will be fitted along with the other machinery into a brand new 12 Ton truck to make a fully contained mobile unit.
23686	The University and each of the Colleges have their own data protection statement and procedures.
23687	The University Counselling Service offers free, confidential support to any student who requests it (although take note that the waiting lists can stretch to several weeks, especially around exam term).
23688	"The University has a terrific core group of criminology lecturers who both excite and motivate students, and the guest lecturers offer insights and documentary evidence of crimes and offenders that you won’t find in the papers or on television."
23689	The University of Central Lancashire was founded in 1828 as the Institution for the Diffusion of Knowledge, becoming a university in 1992.
23690	"The University of London International Programmes has always focused on the student experience.
23691	The University of Manchester, which administers the placement scheme, is seeking organisations that are interested in hosting one or more MA students for a minimum of 20 days between November 2015 and May 2016.
23692	The University of Oxford, along with the Open University and Brunel University, is part of the Grand Union Doctoral Training Partnership (DTP) and will be awarding at these three institutions starting from October 2017.
23693	The university plans to submit planning applications for the £100m scheme to Bournemouth and Poole Borough Councils in March.
23694	The University’s relationship with UESTC in Chengdu, China, has been celebrated with the official opening of the new UESTC Student Centre, based at the University of Glasgow’s James Watt Building.
23695	The University submitted its Environmental Statement on the graduate accommodation at Castle Mill to Oxford City Council on 30 October 2014.
23696	The unseeded pairing then beat top seeds Ching-Wen Hsu and Anastasia Pribylova 7-6(2) 6-3 to reach the final, where they battled to a 6-4 7-6(4) Charlotte Roemer and Caroline Werner victory.
23697	"The unsolved problems in the research of work and employment" – a round table discussion among former BJIR chief.
23698	The up platform also has a small concourse protected by a secondary canopy at the bottom of the ramp.
23699	The upright fridge freezer and freestanding washing machine for which there is plumbing are included in the sale.
23700	The uptake and support from parents has been tremendous.
23701	The Urologist arrived at a diagnosis of a possible missed torsion.
23702	The US and UK would not to have to sustain the fiction of UK nuclear independence; and the UK government would be seen to have truly enhanced its special relationship as closest US ally, rather than nuclear vassal.
23703	The U’s are playing it a little safe at the moment.
23704	The use and abuse of journal quality lists.
23705	The use of an ape in the cartoon may be reference to Darwin's theory of evolution.
23706	The use of a singular material limits the design of the door significantly, allowing for certain flaws to be common across both types of door including warping.
23707	The use of physical restraint on mental health patients was not monitored in the hospital.
23708	The use of these medications and the role of health professionals in their distribution raises many ethical questions.
23709	The use of very knowledgable local Certified Guides provided a top notch experience.
23710	The user, password, host sections are called “Authorities”.
23711	The US is urging South Korea to restart US-South Korean military exercises—postponed due to the Olympics—as soon as the games are finished.
23712	The USLP was launched in 2010 – setting targets to decouple Unilever’s growth from its environmental impact, while increasing the company’s positive social impact.
23713	The US National Security Agency has been hit by two legal losses that may put the last part of its controversial spying program on US citizens under threat.
23714	The usual FREE CD's on the door mixed by one of our DJs.
23715	The usually reserved Kate flashed a bit of flesh with the intricate lace design of her Jenny Packham gown.
23716	The Vale Motors team look forward to welcoming you!
23717	The Vale will now travel to Memorial Park in Fife next Saturday for the replay.
23718	The value of funds that you are using to purchase the home.
23719	The Vamps frontman Brad Simpson on stage at Sheffield Arena.
23720	The variety of options available these days for the celebration sare numerous, and hinges on whether it is to be planned as a hen party over the weekend, or for a bachelorette trip for a longer duration.
23721	The variety: Whether you choose to start your cruise or further afield, one of the stand-out benefits of a cruise holiday is the ability to see a wide range of countries and cultures in just one trip.
23722	The variety with the largest penetration is Infinity (c. 80% of the UK volume), followed by others such as Titan, Christmas Feeling, Prima, and Christmas Glory.
23723	The various assessment methods include written reports, practical assessments, online tests and work placement reports.
23724	The vast majority of (86 per cent) think the deals the UK will achieve will more than compensate for any loss of trade with the EU, whereas 71 per cent of think they will be not make up for this loss.
23725	The Vauxhall Viva is a city runabout that relies on substance to make sales.
23726	The vendors on Playa de los Muertos usually use mahi mahi and grill the fish over red-hot coals.
23727	The venue also provides a children’s menu and some great choices for coffee and cakes on the seafront.
23728	The venue is the oldest continually running motorsport venue in the world and consists of a blast up a tarmac track just 14 feet wide with several very fast corners.
23729	The venue is the same as ever, the Conference Room at the Reading International Solidarity Centre on London Street.
23730	The venue is very spacious and staff very welcoming.
23731	The verdict: A light, practical waterproof shell that does everything it should.
23732	The vertical clearance from the underside of the structure and the top surface to the footway below will be no less than 2.4 metres.
23733	The very first thing to do is see if you have someone in your area, who can bring round nappies for you and your partner to see and hold.
23734	The very nature of the industry is to make your guests as comfortable as possible – they are the ones who are spending time in the surroundings that you’ve worked hard to put together.
23735	The very size of the dominant capitals within any country means that if any of them is threatened with bankruptcy, the capitalist state is forced to intervene lest their collapse pulls other big capitals down as well.
23736	The vessels are coming from Belgium, France, Holland, Poland and Norway.
23737	The vessels that traverse our seas enable 90 per cent of global trade, but shipping is also a disproportionately polluting industry.
23738	The veteran star disappears into the role of the revered British leader, fully embodying his principles and doubts as Britain faces imminent invasion from Nazi Germany.
23739	The vet examining your dog will need to see your KC or ISDS owner registration documents so make sure you take these with you.
23740	The vet will also consider the animals ability to express their natural behaviour and knowledge of the owner to promote the animals welfare.
23741	The viability of the proposal and the ability of the applicant to realise their aspirations within the time and resources available.
23742	The Vicar of Croydon, the Reverend Canon Colin Boswell, will welcome the Mayor of Croydon, Councillor Patricia Hay-Justice, who, dressed in full robes, will lead the traditional procession from the minster hall into the minster at 11am.
23743	The victim believes other people may have been involved, but only saw the one person.
23744	The Victorians built the Market Hall where regular weekly markets are held; the main market day is Tuesday whilst smaller markets are held on a Friday and Saturday.
23745	The video for Stand Up, the first release from the rapper's new album Chicken'N'Beer, follows Ludacris into a crowded dance club where things are much larger than life - LPs, beer bottles, pieces of chicken and body parts of certain female guests.
23746	The village has a great sense of community with a tea room, pub, church, cricket club and even a gift shop for visitors to enjoy.
23747	The village is also home to a small Primary School, Village Hall, Community Garden and Carsphairn Heritage Centre which is open daily across the summer season.
23748	The village is characterised by its white pebble dash cottages and is well placed for the surrounding area's shops, schools and amenities including many conveniently placed supermarkets.
23749	The village is just two miles from the historic city of York with its medieval gothic cathedral, railway museum and fascinating Viking history.
23750	The Villans were far from impressive throughout March with an excellent 4-0 win over division champions Wolverhampton Wanderers followed by a poor run during which they managed just a single point from their subsequent three outings.
23751	The villa was very clean and tidy and very spacious.
23752	The Virtual College course ‘An Introduction to GDPR’ gives a free overview of what GDPR means for small businesses, and may be helpful in preparing you for any changes.
23753	The Visible Classroom project aimed to use lesson transcripts to promote effective teaching practice and improve the attainment of pupils in primary school.
23754	The vision science core facility gives external companies and agencies the opportunities to access the expertise of the vision science staff and equipment.
23755	The visitors had a couple of early chances before Cheddar went in front with a goal of quality, Craig Mawford outwitting the United defence and delivering the perfect cross for Stephen Pennington to volley home after 23 minutes.
23756	The visitors were a different proposition from that day in October, with a younger and much faster side on the field.
23757	The visit provided the opportunity to: examine the impact upon site activity, review the status of relevant site conditions; and meet with the HPC Site Director to discuss plans for the site going forward.
23758	The Vitality healthy food offered by Ocado emphasizes on the healthier option.
23759	The v-neck, straight cut silhouette wraps over with no fastening.
23760	The vocational study of principles and techniques associated with a doctor's surgery.
23761	"The Volvo XC60 is baby brother to the larger XC90, and is our current Premium SUV of the Year."
23762	The VTCT Level 3 Certificate in Stone Therapy Massage is a vocational qualification that will prepare you for a career as a stone therapy massage specialist.
23763	The wagon is completely off-grid, with a green compost loo, some solar lighting and provision for ecological disposal of rubbish.
23764	The walk is part of a series of events run by the Festival of Nature.
23765	The walk passes under the railway line (trespass on the lines is strictly prohibited) and follows the Bruar Water upstream where clear pools can be seen below.
23766	The walks are diverse A Windemere Arts and Crafts Wander starts and ends at Blackwell, The Arts & Crafts House near Lake Windermere.
23767	The walk starts at the southern section of the town where you can pick up the Monarch's Way and head south along Longfurlong Lane towards Westonbirt Arboretum.
23768	The walk to town was great; the walk back up the hill was a bit much for us but probably good for us.
23769	The walkway will link the Fen Rivers Way and Ouse Valley Way footpaths together, providing a new circular walking route for residents and visitors to Ely.
23770	The walls were laced with passages and chambers.
23771	The Walton Library is the faculty library for Medical Sciences.
23772	The WannaCry virus appeared to have found a weakness in the Sayama plants operational systems, which were running Microsoft’s Windows 10 operating system, using a backdoor to enter and usurp systems.
23773	The Wargaming currently meets on Wednesday at 6:00 in 2Q50/51, but this will be subject to discussion at the beginning of term to find the best day for the majority.
23774	The warm welcome from the neighbors (hello Kev ), the beautiful and tranquil setting and the great village pub.
23775	The Warner Bros. Studio Tour is really interactive, and the tour guides are very entertaining.
23776	“The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China.
23777	The water could have been a touch warmer!
23778	The water industry has agreed that no time limit should be placed on the listings on the WRAS website.
23779	The water in your tank is also heated using electricity, rather than oil or gas.
23780	The Watton Museum are appealing for funds to digitise the historic Court Baron Minute books.
23781	The wave is a curved, contemporary range ideal for a modern home.
23782	"The waves broke over the vessel, and as she began to break up the crew lashed themselves to the rigging.
23783	The way in which or the circumstances in which the document concerned was created or received (section 117(7)).
23784	The way in which young people consume entertainment and communicate has changed radically.
23785	The ways in which gender, culture and structural features shape daily experiences of these practises provides an ongoing research focus.
23786	The way that we interact with technology will change, and the exciting part is that the basics of this already exist.
23787	The way to address such challenges is to resist blaming outer circumstances and ask ourselves in what way have we been caught up in our ego.
23788	The way we consume has come a long way from the earliest beginnings, when consumption consisted of a crude transaction or debt: for example, exchanging the corn harvested in autumn for furs to keep the family warm in winter.
23789	The weakened pound represents a loosening of monetary policy conditions and could also assist exports.
23790	THE weather has intervened yet again as a waterlogged speedway…
23791	The weather is one of the reasons why holidays to Naples are such a big hit.
23792	The weather was really hot and we all worked hard giving out Fire Safety information, Road Safety leaflets and information about the risk of Fires on Farms.
23793	The web app received a subsequent revision that eliminated the problem, but the Emirates mobile app, he insists, now exhibits the same issue.
23794	The website also hosts online events and conferences enabling teachers and advisers to interact with university admissions staff.
23795	The website focuses on offering the main events in the main page of the horseracing section and the punters can choose which race they need according to the times shown in the section.
23796	The website is under constant revision and it is simply not possible to show every product available but emailed photos or sketches can be of great assistance in tracing those less-common requirements.
23797	The website of the Coventry Cares Learning Network.
23798	The website was down for more than 40 minutes, with the brand confirming it crashed after the newly-wed was spotted wearing the luxury designer.
23799	The website, www.keep-it-clear.co.uk, offers lots of information and tips and people can order free sink strainers to stop food scraps blocking pipes too.
23800	The Wedding Singer 2017 UK Tour is Directed and Choreographed by Nick Winston.
23801	The week after, in March, she led an ensemble cast of models from the 1990s down ’s catwalk to mark his 100th show, fronting a new wave in fashion where models are once again encouraged to be more than just mannequins.
23802	The weekend is run by Events of the North, a company led by Olympians Steve Cram and Allison Curbishley, in conjunction with Northumbrian Water, Active Northumberland, and Northumberland County Council.
23803	The Wee Toon Warriors 24-hour workout, organised by owners Fiona and Stanley Irwin, at their MACC base gym saw equipment pounded hard non-stop from 6pm last Friday and until the same time on Saturday evening.
23804	The weight of legal opinion is that we can say that we do not need Europe’s opinion, so we can revoke it on our own.
23805	The weights are based on expenditure within the domestic territory by all private households, foreign visitors to the UK and residents of institutions (such as nursing homes, retirement homes and university halls of residence).
23806	The Weir Group is funding the WARC with an initial investment of £1.9 million over three years and continuing investment thereafter.
23807	The welcome speech by Anthony Whitworth-Jones, the company’s general director, hinted that day one had proved something of a trial, but this new production of Il turco in Italia by Martin Duncan went as smoothly as could have been hoped.
23808	The welfare facilities are great - quite a few changing areas dotted around.
23809	The well equipped gym, heated indoor pool and sports halls are supervised by well trained staff.
23810	The Wellness Centre includes The Kinesis Studio and The Methesis Spa.
23811	The well presented accommodation benefits from an oil fired central heating system and double glazing.
23812	The Welsh Highland Railway runs through the pass so look out for their splendid steam trains as you go.
23813	The West Room has three self-service photocopiers which are primarily for photocopying West Room material and may only be used with the permission of the staff.
23814	The wet weather has soaked the grounds and visitors are being urged to take precautions to make sure they don’t have an accident.
23815	The 'wet-wipe monster' removed by NI Water.
23816	The What Van Awards 2019 will take place on 12 December 2018 and will once more be held at a prestigious venue in central London.
23817	The whisky is marketed as a single malt under its season of distillation; the year of bottling is also indicated on the label.
23818	The White Hart is nestled at the bottom of Cheddar Gorge and its menu boasts hearty home-cooked food at reasonable prices.
23819	The White Lion is open to non-residents, so you are welcome to use the hotel as a base to meet business partners or just sit with friends and enjoy the atmosphere of this 16th Century coaching inn.
23820	The White Room work with the Royal and Stewart Parvin to create a stunning resu.
23821	The White Swan our quaint traditional Sussex pub offers tasty rustic meals and overlooks the pond and spacious garden.
23822	The whole ambience of the College was really positive and it’s somewhere I have definitely enjoyed studying.
23823	The whole apartment has been recently refurbished to a very good…
23824	The whole crowd sang the first verse in unison, accompanied by only a piano.
23825	The whole episode ended farcically when it became evident that the original Gates had long rotted away, and Ellenborough had only recovered a replica.
23826	The whole family are members of the Anaphylaxis Campaign.
23827	The whole family can enjoy Wild Kingdom, giving children and adults a chance to play, explore and have fun in an innovative and inspiring environment.
23828	The whole project team will be available on Wednesday, 22 January between 2.00pm and 7.30pm to answer any questions personally.
23829	The whole road has potholes also in the surrounding area.
23830	The wide parking bay scheme was also being introduced, which enabled disabled people to have more space around their vehicles in order to manoeuvre wheel chairs etc.
23831	The wider activities of Sport in Mind also challenge the stigma around mental health by building awareness.
23832	The wide-ranging upgrades are the result of an acute attention to customer feedback and can only cement the Nissan X-Trail’s position as the world’s best-selling SUV.
23833	The wider questions the hon.
23834	The Wight Squirrel Project www.wightsquirrels.co.uk can offer advice to Islanders who want to protect and support them.
23835	The Wilderness, a fashionable feature in 18th century gardens, was designed by Lord Burlington and William Kent to include a delightful series of serpentine paths through naturalistic woodland.
23836	The wildlife, views and archaeological interest of this site are the key attractions of this area.
23837	The willow species are challenging with many hybrids but bay willow dominates.
23838	The win also sees them take another step in their quest to secure a National League play-off place (full report inside).
23839	The wind hits the blades of the wind turbine, which rotates like a giant propeller and powers the generator.
23840	The wind is from the W.N.W. chiefly, but the weather remains fine and there are no sastrugi from that direction.
23841	The Windsurfing World Cup is held here each year, so it’s one to visit for watersports fans, too.
23842	The wine bottle Kinga Karolczak entered the Big Brother house halfway through series six, and oh boy, did she make an impact!
23843	The wine's medium gold color is accompanied by an exceptionally sweet nose of honeyed tropical fruits, peaches, coconut, and apricots.
23844	The winners will be announced at a black tie dinner at the Hilton Newcastle Gateshead on 15 June.
23845	The winners will be announced at a black-tie dinner, taking place on 22 February 2018 at the Marriott hotel in Leeds.
23846	The winners will be selected at random from a ballot that comprises all the entrants names.
23847	The winners with 71 points were Graham Osman, Roger Magor and Steve Roberts.
23848	The winner was 15 year old pianist Alexander Lukov a pupil at Bexley Grammar School where he is studying for his GCSE examinations.
23849	The winner will be able to show how they have addressed a business objective by creating a digital campaign/activation that either embraced new technology, or was truly innovative and delivered tangible return on investment.
23850	The winning museum will receive £2,000 to spend on an agreed collection management activity.
23851	The winning names, inspired by World War One, were suggested by Judith Pearce from Mersea Island, following a Facebook competition run by the Suffolk Show organisers.
23852	The winning team comprised of Josh Vadher, Ethan Rowlands, Lewis Mckenzie, Sia Sai, Luke Stark and Harry Mortimer.
23853	The wives cleaned the rooms and the gyps were the students’ and fellows’ personal servants.
23854	The Wizard enables you to understand whether there is adequate slurry storage, explore different strategies and weigh up the cost benefits of different ways to tackle under-capacity.
23855	The WLGA's Equalities Unit operated between 2002 and 2015, and supported authorities in the advancement of equalities in Wales' communities and improving access to public services.
23856	The WMS layers hosted by UK-AIR are published and licensed under the Open Government Licence.
23857	The wobbly gait of Weinstein on the cop-house steps showed a man who’d aged a decade since then.
23858	The woman checking in passengers for the line we were in very loudly objected to us being in that line.
23859	The woman shouted at him and he ran away.
23860	The women all had a worryingly similar story to tell when we asked them to articulate their experience of HIV.
23861	The women are given theological readings to reflect on and to bring their own experiences into the theological world.
23862	The Wonderful World of Dissocia will be performed on 9th, 10th and 11th April 2015 in The Performing Arts Centre.
23863	The wooden building to the rear of the station is thought to be the remains of the old down platform buildings which were moved across (to become a sort of weighbridge?) after closure.
23864	The woodland, grassland, heath, saltmarsh and shoreline are home to an incredible variety of wildlife – look out for whooper swans and great northern divers during the winter months.
23865	The woodland lies on the northern aspect and is fenced off from the field, which is ring boundary fenced for sheep.
23866	The Woods finished 17th in the Southern League Division One East last season, but will now ply their trade in the Bostik South Central.
23867	The word ‘curriculum’ refers to the subjects your child will study at school.
23868	The Word development forms part of a phased regeneration scheme jointly funded by Muse Developments and South Tyneside Council and is due to open Autumn 2016.
23869	The wording is therefore amended as follows:-
23870	The Word of the Day in IrishCá bhfuil sé ag cur sneachta?
23871	The word 'spring' in the name of the wood is indicative of coppice management, which would be consistent with charcoal manufacture.
23872	The workhouse had two burial grounds.
23873	The working group will aim to publish a report within a year.
23874	The work is being carried out by consultants Mouchel and Aecom.
23875	“The work is being done at nights so that traffic is disrupted as little as possible.
23876	The work of his Department and the pledge in the Budget to build 300,000 new homes in England are very welcome, and will go some way to address growing intergenerational unfairness when it comes to getting on the housing ladder.
23877	The work of repairing was therefore difficult.
23878	The work of the BEC, in conjunction with our schools and the council, is an example for all of us to follow – in Lambeth and hopefully in the rest of the country as well.
23879	The work of the North South Ministerial Council is supported by a standing Joint Secretariat, staffed by members of the Northern Ireland Civil Service and the Irish Civil Service.
23880	“The work over the last two years has had a significant impact on the community and brought about further positive schemes such as the hugely successful pub watch – something that all licensees proactively take part in to keep their customers safe.
23881	The work placement trainees were mentored by individuals from the site team taking part in all aspects of work on site.
23882	The workshop brought together researchers, clinicians, and patients as well as representatives from the national scientific and medical academies, regulatory advisors, and consumer protection and patient advocacy groups.
23883	The workshops were fun and they have been an extra boost for our group of children who are preparing for the IBM Robo Challenge which takes place in March this year.
23884	'The works in architecture of Robert and James Adam' (1778): The book which established the neo-classical 'Adam style'
23885	The works, in Rolvenden Hill, serves more than 8,700 people in the area.
23886	The workspace was created when Andrew decided to devote more time to his printmaking.
23887	"The work the manager and his staff do off the pitch to give us information before games is quite incredible really.
23888	The work was carried out as part of the planned intervention programme contained in the Dungeness B Integrated Intervention Strategy (IIS).
23889	The work will proceed at pace and all options for change evaluated openly and fairly.
23890	The world changes.
23891	The world has a new Pope, one who has made history by taking the name of Francis - in homage to Saint Francis of Assisi - for the first time.
23892	The world’s largest indoor rainforest was impressive but truth be told, it needed time to mature.
23893	The world’s most enviable kitty, none other than Karl Largerfeld’s Choupette, has been chosen to front the new Shu Uemura holiday campaign with her very own range, “Shupette”.
23894	The wormhole idea not only allows Santa to shift from chimney to chimney but to carry out temporal hops too, providing all the time in the world to deliver those presents.
23895	The worry is what’s going to happen in the future—what effect will it have on everything coming in from Europe?
23896	The worst broadband known to this planet, to download two gigabyte of data it takes 99 hours.
23897	The worst is that she can be very demanding, but then again that is probably not a bad thing.
23898	The written assignments for modules, the project work, and the dissertation are all examinations of the University of Oxford.
23899	The XF range hinges around a 2.0-litre diesel four-cylinder engine with 163, 180 or 240PS.
23900	The xmas market sounds nice sparkling, there was one near here at the weekend but I missed the advertising so didn't realise it was on until too late.
23901	The x-ray didn’t show any of that.
23902	The X towards the top is the north pole, and the Earth's rotation over several hours can be seen.
23903	They actively participated in them, sometimes in collaboration with Europeans, sometimes in conflict with them.
23904	They adapt to different situations so well.
23905	They advise customers to ensure the salon has carried out a risk assessment for their hair straightening treatment before asking the hairdresser to proceed.
23906	They advise settings on how children with SEND learn and develop and how they can best support and plan to meet the individual children’s needs.
23907	They agreed to send a Dr and we inserted 2 paracetamol suppositories.
23908	They all have different causes, but share a common symptom.
23909	They also asked us to consider dealing with enquiries in a networked way so that interested parties can share learning.
23910	They also bring fire into your home.
23911	They also carry out a lot of first aid during the season too!
23912	They also completed monitoring forms to advise of any route problems as part of our new role as responsible organisation for the walk.
23913	They also do fabulous family apartments, huge with great facilities and an upstairs, like a small house.
23914	They also do turkey sandwiches for lunch.
23915	They also have the same rights as set out in the “Your rights in relation to personal information” section below.
23916	They also praised her for being able to teach students with a range of abilities in an engaging and original way, with infectious enthusiasm, and commented that 'she really understands what it means to teach as opposed to lecture.'
23917	They also regularly attack the Muslim religion in itself.
23918	They also requested information on an NHMF grant to preserve the Tank Landing Ship.
23919	They also run a summer gathering in each office.
23920	They also say that “the sex industry is overtly involved in women’s oppression as are the advertising and fashion industries.
23921	They also state that before customers place any bets, they must familiarise themselves with the nature of spread betting, the jargon used, the market/index hours and the expiry times and dates of the contracts made.
23922	They also support victims at the Specialist Domestic Violence Court and also have a children’s worker in the North of the county.
23923	They also want Hackney Wick to become the first Creative E more affordable living and working spaces for makers.
23924	They also were both friendly and made the journeys fun.
23925	They also work with councils to collect, test and reuse waste electrical equipment.
23926	They always offer to gift wrap for me and make my present look lovely, which I’m always very thankful for as it’s really not by strong point!
23927	They always seem very presumptuous.
23928	They and their families have learned the hardest way possible about hatred and intolerance.
23929	They apply to ALL users of the Website.
23930	The yard was entered by down trains.
23931	They are able to provide all of these services on one single monthly bill and provide excellent customer service which means they are consistently better value for money compared to the other UK utility suppliers.
23932	"They are a flawed road safety policy and the only way to truly improve that is with more traffic police officers on the roads.
23933	They are aggressively intolerant of Shiism and also of Christians and Jews, whom they call (infidels): very different from the traditional Ottoman view (to which the Brothers adhere) of respecting them as (People of the Book).
23934	They are all CRB/Disclosure checked and can help with all kinds of technical issues, from installing broadband and removing viruses to setting up new software and backups.
23935	They are also carrying out estate inspections to locate and remove any potential fire hazards.
23936	They are also very pleased to welcome new committee members, (monthly meetings), including a chairman to help promote the work and drive things forward.
23937	“They are a well-run club and a very good side, but we all know we should have won up there after leading 2-1 with five minutes to go.”
23938	They are based on data taken from Hospital Episode Statistics, the National Diabetes Audit and the Quality and Outcomes Framework.
23939	They are briefing the new ministerial team and planning for a decision later this year.
23940	“They are coming off the back of a defeat, but they're the only team to have beaten Bradford so far this season, which shows you the quality they have up there.
23941	They are coordinated by local volunteers and are open to people of all ages and abilities, with the emphasis on fun and fitness in a relaxed and welcoming environment.
23942	They are counsellors who provide relationship counselling and other services independently from their own private practices.
23943	They are currently fourth in the table.
23944	They are decorated by drawing into the clay surface in minute detail.
23945	They are delighted to be able to open our Walking for Health grant fund to applications again this year.
23946	“They are difficult for our street sweepers to pick up, and this bin will hopefully encourage smokers to do the right thing in an innovative and fun way.”
23947	They are far more likely to be able to make appropriate decisions if they have the information they need to do so.
23948	They are hardworking people.
23949	They are hoping the money will go towards creating an all-weather running track so pupils can carry on doing the daily mile whatever the weather.
23950	They are incidences of the Gulf’s incorporation into a system of ‘indirect rule’ that was born after the Great Rebellion of 1857 and was based upon more ‘traditional’ and ‘ancient’ articulations of authority.
23951	They are invaluable in helping students to settle in, get over any homesickness and organise them into teams for light duties around the house.
23952	They are looking for something specific so make sure it is easy for them to find before you lose them.
23953	They are mainly active just before dawn and after dusk and tend to move along hedgerows, walls and river banks at ground level (although they can climb and jump).
23954	They are not an effective use of time and there is limited evidence available to say having an appraisal improves performance and engagement of people.”
23955	They are not hard to train, but their mischievous nature paired to a strong instinct to hunt can prove too much for them at times.
23956	They are not valued.
23957	They are now a way of increasing your space and enhancing your home.
23958	They are now saying we can't terminate because I am using the bt sport app and from the day I downloaded it the 12 month contract started again.
23959	They arent the answer, but if the over-under already accounts for them beating their projection, every year we have to do this?
23960	They are often rich in fat and sugars and may not provide good value for money.
23961	They are often totally non-flammable and do not evaporate easily.
23962	They are on the look out for a quiet, adult only home where they can spend their retirement years in a relaxing, quiet setting.
23963	They are permitted to hear witnesses of fact but in reality parties can rarely fund their expert to be in attendance throughout the court hearing).
23964	They are priced £28 per person for the first 5,000 tickets sold for each day of the event, £32 for the second 5,000 and £36 for the final 5,000.
23965	“They are putting our family business in real and present danger.”
23966	They are really hard working and it is going to be a tough weekend."
23967	They are responsible for providing safe and accurate imaging examinations and increasingly also the resulting report.
23968	They are simple to access and easy to use.
23969	They are so pretty and fashionable and made me feel very comfortable and cool.
23970	They are the contenders in a market that now features some 42 energy firms vying for your business.
23971	They are therefore ideal for a range of body shop heating projects.
23972	They are truly valuable resources.
23973	They are usually formed during the winter months as a direct result of snow, ice and prolonged periods of rain.
23974	They are vulnerable to being snatched in sneak-in burglaries.
23975	They are well made and I thoroughly recommend them.
23976	They argue that accurate estimates are needed to help provide sufficient healthcare in the future.
23977	They ask you to withdraw money to hand over to them for safe-keeping.
23978	They asserted that if the spectrum held by BT/EE and Vodafone which was currently unused was distributed between Three and O2 equally, Three’s customers would benefit from an increase in average download speeds of 35%.
23979	"They believe the royal wedding will be a good time to bury bad news."
23980	They blockaded access to Valley Boulevard and ordered the estimated 1,000 to 1,200 rioters--including Chicano as well as white youth--to disperse.
23981	They bought the company that invented Powertap and started a new round of innovations Dede Demet won the gold medal at the 2002 Montreal World Cup on her powertap.
23982	They brighten up our hospice at Christmas-time with decorations and regularly help our wonderful volunteer gardeners but they also raise incredible amounts of money.
23983	They can also be there for a victim if a statement needs to taken and if the case goes to court.
23984	They can also refer people onto specialist services if needed.
23985	They can be found in various forms such as LED fairy lights, decking lights and security lights and they can be be mains-, solar- or battery-powered.
23986	They can be ordered by phone, email, post.
23987	They can no longer hide behind the inadequate excuse of leaving it to the local authority.
23988	They cannot engage with any sophisticated or specific goals, since they cannot take the time to understand needs and requirements that may evolve or change over time, or see different assets as having different purposes.
23989	They can only provide advice in respect of the protection plans available through Nationwide.
23990	They can then choose the best method for screening your breasts.
23991	They can then make tailored recommendations to prepare for the transition, and implement plans when you come to retire.
23992	They can try-on two made-to-fit sample silhouettes at home and their final choice is then handmade by artisan seamstresses in London and shipped to their door in 4-10 weeks.
23993	They cater for weddings, christenings, wakes and birthdays, offering everything from summer barbecues to four-course dinners and buffet spreads.
23994	They cause severe damage to tyres, wheels and steering and are a major contributor to axle and suspension failure – a problem which accounts for one third of mechanical issues on UK roads and costs car owners an estimated £2.8billion every year.
23995	They clean the toilets, unlock the gates, help children cross hazardous roads, prepare the tastiest lunches, answer the phones and clear snow from the paths, as well as a host of other responsibilities behind-the-scenes.
23996	They consciously vested their hope in others--following their example.
23997	They contribute to the intellectual vitality and vibrancy of the institutions as they learn, grow and develop.
23998	They could also be caused by another viral or bacterial infection or skin condition.
23999	“They could detect alcohol on his breath and he said that he’d had a bottle of brandy.”
24000	“They could then alter payment details.
24001	They decided that these were works praising the government, which Boubou Hama had commissioned from marabouts.
24002	They defeated Stockport Town 3-0 at Runcorn Linnets' Millbank Stadium, with all the goals coming in the first half.
24003	They deny the claim of William Sonman (jr) that they detain from him any such release as William Sonman (jr) claims exists.
24004	They did not see any contradiction in denouncing the use of an addictive drug in the Chamber, for young people, while they were themselves addicted to another drug.
24005	They didn’t mean to win the referendum any more than Jeremy Corbyn intended or expected to win the election.
24006	They didn’t use a business plan because they understood that time is money and action is a million time more profitable.
24007	They did so in collaboration with other trade unionists, particularly in the US and New Zealand, who identified as part of the same global movement.
24008	They do not usually impede breathing.
24009	They don’t care about the people.
24010	They don’t have to tell you.
24011	“They don't know about 'Owd Grandad Piggott or Me & Mar Lady, they don't see the beauty in an oatcake (for breakfast, dinner or tea!
24012	They don't trust voters with equal constituency sizes, they won't allow people a say on Europe, and now they won't even give voters in England the same rights as those of people in every other part of the UK.
24013	They do offer a small pool of funds that members can choose for themselves, but these are also relatively conservative and low risk.
24014	They do this absolutely brilliant Halloween festival, a great laugh and very dam scary, highly reccommend it!
24015	The year 1965 was a tumultuous one for the civil rights movement.
24016	The year 1998 has also seen Professor Reif elected to a Fellowship of that same College in recognition of his tireless devotion to the work of the Genizah Research Unit.
24017	The year was 1955, the source a CIA informant.
24018	They encourage the firm business to collect the most income looking at the producing.
24019	They even provide a cycle workshop for staff to undertake minor repairs during the day and provide spare bulbs and other small items.
24020	They even see you round corners, to give you total confidence.
24021	They explained that the interest rate on her ISA was variable - and that they didn't have to tell her when it changed.
24022	They fear increased traffic would cause a disturbance to residents and litter would be created because of the nature of the business.
24023	They feel that they must be getting it right.
24024	They find managers that consistently add value above their fees, and those who we believe will continue to outperform.
24025	They flagship product, the Fosi Helmet Band, is designed and proven to encourage more women to wear ski and riding helmets by transforming them into chic and stylish looking hats!
24026	They form part of our Ice Prediction System which is monitored 24 hours a day throughout the Winter.
24027	They found out that reducing each risk by 10%, nearly nine million cases of the disease could be prevented by 2050, this would mean for the UK a reduction of 200,000 cases (8.8%).
24028	They found that overweight or obese women who walked at least 10 minutes a day were 82% more likely to become pregnant than overweight or obese women who did not walk at least 10 minutes a day (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.19 to 2.77).
24029	They found the staff to be friendly and helpful and communicated well about their care and treatment.
24030	They gained planning permission for The Shed ahead of moving in and it was constructed by a local builder and his crew in January 2011.
24031	They gave their all when it came to managing the project and spent countless hours researching Building Regulations and product specifications online – making every penny count.
24032	They generate both environmental and social value, and much of the profits benefit the poor and marginalised.
24033	They go along perfectly with the pink knee high bow LH stockings.
24034	They got such a good reception that they decided to go national, the first time Jasper has been on tour in 16 years.
24035	They had a plan for perhaps a new kitchen or bathroom, and for decoration.
24036	They had some requirements to work to, such as the size dimensions and the two tone print specification, but throughout the brief everybody has produced entirely different results.
24037	They have a good understanding of data structures, database systems and procedures and the range of analytical tools used to undertake a range of different types of analyses.
24038	They have a great knowledge and love of the mountains and countryside.
24039	They have also dealt with my elderly mum very kindly.
24040	They have an immediate order to place for 24 off, which will be repeated on an ad-hoc basis moving forward.
24041	They have applied for planning consent for this area to be a 4th bedroom.
24042	They have around 3,500 staff based in 7 offices across the country.
24043	They have a son.
24044	They have bad many opportunities in past years of selling their property for a sum which would readily have purchased a site in their own parish, and paid the expenses of a proper new building.
24045	They have been fished at Toome every since the first people arrived.
24046	They have been replaced by Children’s Barred List Checks.
24047	They have been trained to monitor and record Scheduled Monuments and now make regular visits to give us an up-to-date record of their condition.
24048	They have been very encouraging and supportive and they continue to support us.”
24049	They have caused me stress and have made me feel like a criminal.
24050	They have claws on all of their fingers, except on their big toes which have nails.
24051	They have declined significantly in Northumberland National Park in recent years, and now only a few birds remain in Redesdale, Hadrian’s Wall and the Cheviots.
24052	They have excellent links with employers - giving you access to live work placements to help improve your career prospects.
24053	They have improved from 38% two years ago to 60% now.
24054	They have informed me that the number of those voting aye was erroneously reported—
24055	They have looked at the evidence that has been published so far and taken decisions on that basis.
24056	They have no credible strategy.
24057	They have outfits for every occasion, from a summer BBQ birthday bash, to the latest and greatest in men's suits for the next wedding.
24058	They have probably also concluded that, given the proportionate decline of the old working class, working-class abstention matters less to Labour than in the past.
24059	They have signed a joint statement, published in today’s Guardian newspaper, branding the prime minister’s comments “dangerous” and “crude”.
24060	They have the rare gift of drawing you into a song.
24061	“They have to be articulate speakers and quick thinkers whilst keeping cool heads in the face of challenge.”
24062	They have to put a £20 charge on my account and sign up a new £30 monthly contract for that.
24063	They help us to process your international payments automatically, making them faster, safer and cheaper.
24064	They hold Fife records from 1457, including local authority records like the school log books for Fife, and the records of the burghs of Culross, Dysart, Kinghorn, Kirkcaldy and Leslie.
24065	They hope to achieve this arduous journey in 9 days.
24066	The yield on 10-year debt hit 3.133% - a level not seen since 2014 - although it recovered slightly to 2.9% towards the end of the trading day.
24067	They include details of our innovation projects and information for investors.
24068	They include, for example, cookies that make it possible for you to browse and use our Site, such as cookies that remember you have logged in to your Groupon account.
24069	They include, for example, navigation with Google Earth and Google Street View traffic information in real time as well as practical information on parking, destinations, news or the weather.
24070	They initially tend to grow outwards rather than downwards, so don't pose a problem.
24071	They installed a Venice Thermostatic bath/shower mixer tap - pumped- in a chrome finish.
24072	They kept going, and at 8.23pm we were astonished to be told that the big V8 engine had finally spluttered to a halt after 388 miles.
24073	“They kicked it in to the long grass by saying they will come up with something later this year and now the EU parliament has voted against calls for reduced VAT on tampons, which shows this is very unlikely to happen anytime soon.
24074	“They know our strengths now, but we have a very settled and competitive side.
24075	They know that looking different is like having something extra to deal with and that it is support that I need to cope with other children’s behaviour and reactions.
24076	They launched in 2008 with the goal of making sure that anyone, anywhere could have their dreams realized.
24077	They led 4-0 at half-time through Carl Wellsbury’s hat-trick and from Jordan Grey’s goal.
24078	They’ll also be able to explain anything you don’t understand.
24079	They’ll be attracted to the smell, crawl in and drown.
24080	"They'll be disappointed that one or two fans – and it won't have been any more than that – have crossed the line.
24081	They'll find a choice of policies to suit your circumstances and their experience will be invaluable.
24082	They'll give us the answer on Saturday, when they visit The Etihad Stadium.
24083	They'll need your Home Office reference number and should get a response within 2 days.
24084	They’ll probably tell you their honest opinion about how the project went, the quality of the products and how tidy the workmen were – and if they’ve not been satisfied, it’s a good indication that you should probably look elsewhere.
24085	They’ll share information and take a more co-ordinated approach to the way services are delivered.
24086	They’ll use the learning from our experience in Glasgow, but they will also have quite different needs and we’ll have to respond to that.
24087	They look beautiful against simple skin.
24088	They made sure that everything ran smoothly on the day and there was a really relaxed atmosphere.
24089	They made their Sheffield Arena debut, in front of more than 11,000 people, as the special guest support for Sex On Fire superstars and their idols Kings Of Leon.
24090	They made us feel really welcome, and we were touched when he brought traditional food to share celebrating Easter with his family.
24091	They make a great accompaniment to a main meal.
24092	They make it possible for organisations to respond quickly to opportunities and events with access to systems and data from anywhere.
24093	They managed to hit pretty much every negative cliche you can attribute to Estate agents.
24094	They may also look at any financial associations you may have (such as someone you share a bank account or mortgage with) and what their credit history is.
24095	They may be disseminated widely for these purposes and made available to the public.
24096	They may be more difficult to settle to sleep than usual or wake more frequently due to the discomfort of the temperature.
24097	They may be surprised at the number of people wanting to view their property and also the price they can achieve.
24098	They may be worth taking with antidepressants.
24099	They may make frequent contacts with the police service or are at risk from "Mate Crimes" or other forms of abuse and exploitation by unscrupulous people in their local communities.
24100	They may need help developing social skills so they can build friendships and become well-rounded adults.
24101	They might not want to commit if they think a new manager might not fancy them further down the line.
24102	They migrate here from Iceland for the winter.
24103	They must define what kind of business they want to be, and roll out common values and standards company-wide.
24104	They must have this with them.
24105	They must show an identity document on request and have considerable powers to obtain information.
24106	They must study Doctrine, Context and Practice, and submit an Experiential Project with theological reflection based on a placement experience.
24107	They needed to know that how I reacted wasn’t right, and that they shouldn’t follow suit.
24108	They need not be the kind of "core" operational team outlined above.
24109	They normally relate to the layout of the site (in respect of fire safety) and provision of facilities.
24110	They obviously knew about it for some time and they shouldn't have covered it up for so long.
24111	They offer support within the social care sector from entry level right up to senior leadership and management.
24112	They often left school at 14 or 15 years of age and worked for 50 years or more.
24113	They one time changed approximately an A-rated essay personally in less than 2 hours.
24114	They open every cupboard—I don’t know about you, but we always have at least a few meals around and some staples—and there’s nothing there, other than perhaps some tomato ketchup.
24115	They organise a number of fun activities for employees, including the AAT Summer Olympics and Treasure Hunt, as well as away days to volunteer for local communities and attend team-building activities.
24116	The York Minster Revealed project in the Undercroft is a five-year project scheduled for completion in early summer 2016.
24117	The York Pass comes in a one, two or three day card and is available for both adults and children (under 17).
24118	The Yorkshire Branch has been holding branch meetings since 1951.
24119	The Yorkshire Wildlife Park and the Yorkshire Park Wildlife Park Foundation have been praised for its ‘commitment and dedication’ to saving endangered polar bears in the lead up to the international Polar Bear Week.
24120	The YouGov panel allows us to recruit on the basis of what people actually do, see or buy over time, minimising the established problems of claimed behaviour that can hinder traditional research.
24121	The young couple have fallen in love with this pretty Cotswold village pub in the idyllic village of Blockley.
24122	The younger you are when you start treating a birthmark, the more effective treatment will be and the fewer sessions are typically needed.
24123	The Young Fiddler of the Year 2013 Competition will take place at the Mareel – and is open to fiddle players 16 or under.
24124	The young person has the right to be legally represented at this hearing.
24125	The youthful Hume-Rothery read chemistry at Oxford with distinction despite his disability and then worked for his PhD at the Royal School of Mines in London.
24126	They play a crucial role in fighting crime and keeping rural areas safe.
24127	They poured in faster than we could deal with them.
24128	They protect the surrounding area from damage and wear from the end of a key when locating the keyhole.
24129	They provide a full range of services across a broad client base in the public and private sectors.
24130	They provide exciting experiences, such as making and tasting Indian food, wearing traditional dress and listening to stories to learn about the Hindu festival of Diwali.
24131	They provide vital facilities for those in need, from a simple hot meal and a shower to important skills and employment training that helps them get back on their feet.
24132	They raised a staggering £56,000 through car washes, packing bags in supermarkets and securing sponsorship from local organisations - £5,000 more than their original target.
24133	They’re about running around, getting things done, the antithesis of, say, the Presidents’ Club look and so very right for now.
24134	They reached the attention of Conan Doyle, whose fascination with spiritualism and the supernatural was well known.
24135	They're all in here, from Alfred the Great to our present Queen, now the longest serving monarch in history.
24136	They’re all optimised for mobile, so your contacts never miss a message.
24137	They really enjoyed seeing their design on paper come to life and being able to launch them and see which design was the fastest.”
24138	They’re also able to benefit from our platform’s complimentary brand awareness which gets them over 2,000 impressions a day for no cost.
24139	They're also on-hand to advise on the style of honeymoon that fits you best.
24140	They’re also well out of the way from any little ones’ wandering hands.
24141	They receive payments depending on the amount of help they provide and the level of need of the person they support.
24142	They’re famous for their harmonic strengths that emanate from the trio of harmonies served by sounds from drums, bass, acoustic guitar and classical strings.
24143	They're going to do it!
24144	They’re going to make every excuse they possibly can to not work out.
24145	They're hard-working, independent problem-solvers who enjoy using their skills, science and technology to achieve the best outcomes, and they don't all come from farming families!
24146	They're in love and they want to live together.
24147	They're my local team so I have naturally been brought up a Middlesbrough fan.
24148	They're not just making the tea and delivering the post, they're actually getting something out of it.
24149	They're not much good at DIY around the house, but each to their own.
24150	They’re often associated with salons using MMA liquids, most dust masks do zilch to protect users from inhaling MMA vapors.
24151	They're packed with protein and taste like a Peanut Butter Cookie!
24152	They're perfect for introducing a luxury scheme into your kitchen, bathroom, hallway or living room; with their gorgeous contrasting veining.
24153	They represent the least intrusive ways to improve comfort levels while preserving a property’s appearance.
24154	They return home in the evening.
24155	They’re will leave for their new homes KC registered, vet checked with their first vaccine.
24156	They ride different types of bike, have distinctive cultures, and in my experience rarely practice each other's disciplines.
24157	“They said it’s likely to be hydrocephalus, a stroke or meningitis, but that she couldn’t start proper treatment without a full diagnosis.
24158	They said the witness stated that the losses were 'industry standard'.
24159	They said: “This would have undesirable consequences for the security of information stored and communicated and the integrity of ICT systems, which are increasingly of importance for the functioning of the society.”
24160	They search for a female to mate with and then die.
24161	They seem to know this and are very friendly!
24162	“They sent him out to the front in August 1916 and he was shot in the stomach in October of that year.
24163	They serve a selection of soft drinks along with coffees and tea.
24164	They should always focus on what's best for the child, not what's best for the parents.
24165	They should carefully preserve all drugs, sediment or unconsumed substances.
24166	They should have closed the beach until high tide had washed the sewage away.
24167	They should produce a Public Liability document.
24168	They should tell the nation that they don’t know who the victims are because they cannot legally compel Equifax to identify the victims.
24169	They sold the shares for £3.30 each; the share price currently stands at around £2.
24170	They speak to you in confidence and say they were abused by a family member 30 years ago but didn’t think anything could be done about it.
24171	They spent a day unwinding at Hindleap Warren Activity Centre after their entrance exam and another day at the Southwark Junior Citizenship scheme.
24172	They start at 2E for the 1.0 MPI 60 S. This also reflects its modest performance: choosing the 1.0 MPI 75 doubles it to group 4E.
24173	They suggested that I get there a bit before everyone else so that they can get me seated without getting trampled in the rush.
24174	They suggested that none of the projects published by RSSB over the last 15 years on various aspects of driver only operation on passenger trains had identified any increased risk from dispatching a train without a guard being present, compared to with.
24175	They take children over the age of 10 but all the rooms are either doubles or twins, so the self-catering cottages are best for families.
24176	They take on various roles within the group to keep it running smoothly and to support membership.
24177	They talked about a revival and a return to the 'heyday' of the 1970s.
24178	They then dismissed the children from the hall, having encouraged them to have a good day of learning and playing together.
24179	They think that what banking does is commoditised and adds no real value.
24180	They think the job is good for their personal growth (a positive score of 80%), and agree the training they are given is a great benefit to them personally (77%).
24181	They told me they had taken it as far as they could,” he explained.
24182	They train pupils to be Schools Champions who can lead in changing cultures in schools.
24183	They tried to record birdsong and were pioneers of bird photography.
24184	They trust “end to end” encryption (such as PGP, Whatsapp and Telegram) to keep their personal messages private on their phones.
24185	They try to defend their conditions in one way or another.
24186	The yurt was immaculately clean and the word burner was so clean you'd have thought it was brand new!
24187	They used edge-to-edge glass not just because it looks beautiful, but because it lends structure to the display.
24188	They used to have real life mannequins rather than clothes on shop mannequins so people used to wear the clothes within the stores and that was their job.
24189	They've also appeared a number of times on radio and TV.
24190	They’ve also hit the singles chart’s top 10 four times, with The Only One I Know, a No 9 in 1990; One to Another, a No 3 in 1996; and North Country Boy, a No 4, and How High, a No 6, both in 1997.
24191	They've also introduced a new save and reload feature allowing users to save their uncompleted forms, create a login and a password and use that to come back at a later date to complete and submit their online form.
24192	They’ve also offered much-needed support to the local community who are trying to rebuild their lives following Irma.
24193	They’ve found a way to make it easier for us to read faster; at 500wpm you could read a full book in hours, and that – as anyone who’s ever tried to read Lord Of The Rings will know – can save you a load of time.
24194	They’ve got icing on them and jam inside.
24195	They’ve had a really, really difficult season but they’ll be fine.
24196	They’ve never been found.
24197	They’ve offered very little for the neutral.
24198	They wanted their website to reflect their happy and caring community that provides valuable opportunities for the children.
24199	They wanted to give their own children the same childhood that they themselves had had and The Yurt Farm came about when they realised how much they had to share with everyone.
24200	They want proof that you are who you say you are.”
24201	They want proof that you’ve got a real bike shop, that you’ve got tools there, that you’ve got square footage, and that it’s the real deal and it’s not just a … You know, you didn’t just rent your friend’s garage type of thing.
24202	They want to hold their own in culturally important surroundings and on formidable looking women (the tone is set in the show: Ghesquiere’s models are unfailingly fierce looking and unsmiling).
24203	They want to know how you go about becoming a foster parent, and what happens to you and your family when you open your heart and home to someone else´s child.
24204	They was not letting anyone in or out.”
24205	They were a bit unsure of the reasons the IRA called the ceasefire, which was only to be expected.
24206	They were actually killed right there in the Cathedral, over a pay dispute, and it was this kind of unashamed brutality within so-called custody that spurred the government to clamp down on Escobar.
24207	They were all nice but perhaps Id like more variety next time.
24208	They were delivered swiftly, they were gorgeous and exceeded my expectations, the best thing was they stayed fresh for a long time so worth every penny.
24209	They were emailed to me instantly.
24210	They were enthusiastic and approachable, interacted brilliantly with the children and talked clearly about how sport in school can be the starting point to achieving great things as an adult.
24211	They were great, they were fantastic.
24212	They were joined by their family and friends, as well as the Mayors of Stevenage, Dacorum, Hertsmere and Welwyn Hatfield.
24213	“They were looking for a bus driver at the time and she told them that I would do it,” he said.
24214	They were no less widespread in the eighteenth century, though by then the price had come down, and many sold for 1s or less the yard.
24215	They weren’t allowed to leave the bland government building that was their dormitory.
24216	They were orginally recorded by Arthur Weight Matthews in the first half of the 20th century, and reveal links between family members that cannot be gleaned from burial registers alone.
24217	They were originally implemented by NASA in the 1970s, and in this guide you can find out how to tailor the TRL scale to your organisation.
24218	They were painted once dried.
24219	They were randomized 1:1 to acupuncture or sham acupuncture.
24220	They were served in a mighty meaty gravy, which was best when tempered with an expertly roasted potato.
24221	They were sufficiently prosperous, too, to obtain the grant of a guild merchant in 1267, but they lost this means of acquiring a monopoly of trade in Coventry when challenged by the more politically organized tenants of the Earl's Half.
24222	They were very excited about that.
24223	"They were warned and shown the snare.
24224	They will also need to work effectively with the employer’s human resource and training teams as outlined in section 2 of the agreement.
24225	They will also vary according to whether you require an offer for WPD to undertake all the works or you request an offer for WPD to undertake only the non-contestable works and you employ an independent connection provider to undertake the rest.
24226	They will be happy to assist you with training and support, especially in your first few months.
24227	They will be holding a briefing at Mallory Court, Leamington Spa on 25th April - please see agenda below and link to the booking site if you or your colleagues would like to attend the discussion.
24228	They will be joined by Aynsley Lister, Simon McBride, Connor Selby Band, The Luke Doherty Band and Deep Blue Sea.
24229	They will contact the hospital and organise for your loved one to be taken to their chapel of rest.
24230	They will crouch down, open their wings and start shaking them bringing them back and forth whilst swaying their neck from side to side.
24231	They will each face two charges of wilfully failing to comply with their automatic enrolment duties and one charge of knowingly or recklessly providing false or misleading information to TPR.
24232	They will face one of Germany, Mexico, Sweden or South Korea should they make it through the group stage of the competition and could even meet England in the quarter-finals.
24233	They will have a high level of knowledge of working with trauma and complex presentations.
24234	They will instead ask you to complete an application form or even go through an online application process.
24235	They will know who to rely on for food, shelter, love and protection.
24236	They will make real improvements on this place.
24237	They will need to let us have a copy of the data held about us in a usable electronic format and make no charge (currently it costs £10).
24238	They will need to vote at your polling station or apply to cast your vote by post.
24239	They will not want to commit to a system that may be mothballed within a few years.
24240	They will only issue a postcode for a new street when requested by the District Council.
24241	They will play tunes from sheet music (so everyone plays the same version) and at a relaxed pace.
24242	They will take part in activities including being put through their paces in a drill session, making a mosaic and using a quern stone.
24243	They will then be cleaned and lubricated.
24244	They will then have the option of increasing the finance to £6.5 billion in the future.
24245	“They won’t want to miss out, but I think perhaps they need a rest.
24246	They work closely with Mary Ellmers, our service improvement adviser.
24247	They work with people who are sleeping rough, living in hostels or struggling to manage their accommodation.
24248	They work with some of the biggest brands in the world and their is used in more than 80 countries worldwide.
24249	They would also like…
24250	They would always find students who would hang on their every word.
24251	The zero lower bound problem during the Great Recession has exposed the limits of monetary autonomy, prompting a re-evaluation of the relative benefits of currency pegs and monetary unions (see e.g. Cook and Devereux, 2016).
24252	The zesty, textured palate is perfectly balanced and combines beautifully with the crisp citrus flavours.
24253	Thieves are reported to be targeting insecure vehicles in the Cofton Hackett area.
24254	Things can happen so quick that will change your life forever.’
24255	Things got even better for the visitors a minute before the break when hooker Garin Davies finished off a concerted attack with an unconverted try.
24256	Things have shifted with the generation of Irish writers that has emerged in the last five years or so, since the economic crash – I think there is real change in the air now.
24257	Things just keep getting better and better for these guys.
24258	Things moving in our direction?”
24259	Things start to unravel when he realises that Fran Kubelik (Kamahri May), the object of his affection, is a user of his apartment as mistress of Chuck's boss, JD Sheldrake (David Emms).
24260	Things then got even worse for Claverdon when tight head Dave Carruthers was at first yellow carded for hands in the ruck and then red carded for dissent.
24261	Things to Do in Reading - Attractions, Places to Eat, Nights Out - Reading TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
24262	Things we learned from Ozzy during episode 4 of Ozzy and Jack's World Detour.
24263	Think about bundles that include both a car seat and a pushchair.
24264	Think about it, many countries use the proximity pay points and have done so for years.
24265	Think about researching something and putting a link on a forum to help others.
24266	Think about the repetitive actions you do and try to avoid or change them.
24267	Think about which of your guests will get on and try to seat them together.
24268	Think about your home – let neighbours know that you are away and ask a friend, relative or neighbour to make a regular check on it.
24269	Think beyond the product with a CRM for…
24270	Think dark wood and plush furnishings that transport you back to a more elegant time.
24271	Thinking about hiring your own paid carer?
24272	Thinking about repetition really was helpful.
24273	Thinking about what might or might not happen can be scary and overwhelming.
24274	Thinking of owning your own practice: which path to choose?
24275	Thinking of selling your home in the Wokingham area?
24276	Think mega milkshake creations topped with anything from cakes and doughnuts to ice-cream.
24277	Think of all the ways your consumers interact, wear, and show-off your products and highlight them through interesting Instagram photos.
24278	Think of the Frankish king and his English advisor trying to re-erect a vast cathedral from scattered stones.
24279	Think of these as the cornerstones of your life and invest time in developing them to support and enrich you.
24280	Thin layers, like a long-sleeved top, light fleece and a running jacket, which you can take off as you clock down the miles are the answer.
24281	Thin out the fruits so that each individual berry has room to grow to its full size.
24282	Third floor sitting room.
24283	Third in the table Giants would have been favourites to collect the points before Sunday’s game but they were given a rude awakening after only 2mins 8secs when man of the match Christian Isackson beat netminder Jackson Whistle.
24284	Thirdly, have a look at the “deal”.
24285	Thirst (a dry or sticky mouth).
24286	Thirteen per cent succumb to marketing, admitting they buy on a whim after seeing an advert, and seven in 10 admitted they are more likely to make an impulse purchase when something is reduced in price.
24287	Thirty islands and specks of sand make up the gloriously untouched Grenadines.
24288	Thirty years ago I hoped that ChildLine would not be necessary in the 21st Century.
24289	Thirty years later he decided to share it in a unique and extraordinary way.
24290	This 10-inch refractor was built in 1860 by Thomas Cooke & sons of York for Mr Joseph Gurney Barclay FRAS of Leyton in Essex.
24291	“This £1 billion City Deal will build on your success to create more jobs for local people and help them gain the skills they need to find work.
24292	This 3-Series challenger has already caused a few among the industry commentators with its bold use of aluminium to keep the weight – and CO as possible.
24293	This 40” offers an unbelievable picture and, with a massive stack of features, is a complete steal at this price.
24294	This action-packed collection of stories is sure to please any Marvel Avengers fan.
24295	This active community group care for the beautiful Northwich Woodlands, supported by The Mersey Forest.
24296	This, after all, was the ratio of the judgment: the LC should have consulted in order to identify what other scenarios would create inconsistency between the new reg 5A and its stated purpose.
24297	This afternoon we cruise through Vinh Long to Sa Dec with a guided stroll through the colourful local market – an interesting comparison with this morning.
24298	This afternoon we journey to Ainola, the home of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius situated on the edge of the city on the shores of Lake Tuusula where after exploring the museum we will enjoy a private concert of his music.
24299	This afternoon we’ll explore the unvarnished truths of the lives, and often appalling deaths, of these women – and look at the rôles played after the war by survivors in this eagerly awaited new book (to be published in August).
24300	This agreement, which included the adoption of a directly elected mayor, marked a new step in the process of devolution across the UK.
24301	This Agreement will become effective on the date your website is launched and shall continue until terminated by either party in writing with 90 days' notice of its intention to terminate the Agreement.
24302	This allowed for ten fighter sectors and 17 fighter squadrons.
24303	This allows for cheques to be paid electronically, through presenting an electronic image (of a cheque) instead of the cheque itself.
24304	This allows them to write off 100 per cent of the cost of the qualifying plant and machinery against their taxable profits in a standard accounting period.
24305	This allows you to buy additional shares in your home or even staircase out completely to own the whole of your home.
24306	This allows you to change automatic cooking times.
24307	This allows you to keep a tighter rein on your business’ and employees’ spending.
24308	This allows you to truly thrive.
24309	This also applies if you use a kitchen somewhere else to prepare food (e.g. village hall kitchen) and the kitchen or your own hygienic practices, fail to meet the proper standards.
24310	This also applies to littering offences, all litter should be taken home if there is no litter bin nearby.
24311	This also caused interest rate volatility which, not surprisingly, affected longer-dated bonds.
24312	This also helps for anybody who has back pain.
24313	This also helps to invite birds and provides food while they are raising their families!
24314	This amazing story is told in the Marlipins Museum in Shoreham-by-Sea by way of old photographs and makes for a fascinating hour or so.
24315	This analysis forms 50% of the overall score, and only the companies that offer the best products go on to form the shortlist.
24316	This annual is in great condition, few signs of wear on the spine and hardback corners but nothing serious and internally it's immaculate.
24317	This application is being advertised under the following: -
24318	This Apprenticeship can be your passport to a successful career in the modern construction industry”.
24319	This Apprenticeship framework is designed for people working in job roles such as digital marketing officer, online marketing coordinator, digital account assistant or eCommerce assistant.
24320	This apprenticeship is supported by the Institute of the Motor Industry and will help gain professional registration to the Institute of the Motor Industry at affiliate membership grade (AffIMI).
24321	This approach makes it difficult for the company to manage data if the volume increases from a certain range.
24322	This approach reinforces our role in creating trust in the capital markets and helping clients contribute to society, through their success.
24323	This a question of whether we are truly interested in equality—in this case, equality of opportunity.
24324	This area has clearly been used by users on a long term basis and all of this is open to the public so close to a school and a kids playground.
24325	This area is also prone to very heavy showers and thunderstorms, this is because the warmer air can hold more water.
24326	This article discusses how pre-eclampsia is tested, and when diagnosed, how your doctor is likely to go about treating the condition.
24327	This article is the first of a series of planned articles into this work.
24328	This award follows three years on from a management buy-out of the 50 year old firm in 2015 and several awards and nominations for the quality of its training and apprenticeship programme.
24329	This award will be presented to the best female owned business.
24330	This award will excludes any student studying Healthcare Sciences, Dentistry or Medicine.
24331	This award will look to mark the achievements of a dealer who has mastered their digital direction.
24332	This basically means that investors are demanding higher interest rates to lend the government money on short-term bonds than they are on long-term bonds.
24333	This basin has no overflow, and the location of tap space behind it can be seen from the additional image.
24334	This beautiful detached farmhouse is situated in the rural setting of Hewish, with its country feel and easy access onto the M5 and into Bristol.
24335	This beautiful, double sided magnetic mat is ideal for sequencing activities.
24336	This beautiful home right outside of Dallas is just over 16,000 square feet.
24337	This beautifully-maintained, family-run hotel attracts repeat bookings from loyal customers who appreciate a friendly service.
24338	This bed learns from you, requiring zero effort to make your rest all the more comfortable.
24339	This big music festival near Winchester has grown up around a family vibe.
24340	This blanking plug is suitable for the Mira Excel manufactured between 1996 and 2002.
24341	This blog has been written by John Dabell; experienced teacher, former school inspector, project manager, writer and editor.
24342	This blog is from Nicci Russell, Waterwise Managing Director Next time you’re walking the.
24343	This blog post for Volunteer Managers uses the data to make recommendations about how organisations can design roles that fit with the way people want to volunteer.
24344	"This book delivers completely new and refreshing ideas on how to create value in the world".
24345	This book distils her wealth of experience on the subject, beginning with a breezy survey of 20th century social history and then exploring the records and resources available by themes such as occupations, property and migration.
24346	This book has been ideal for my requirements.
24347	THIS book is a reminder of why Hilary Wainwright is one of contemporary British socialism’s most perceptive and thoughtful writers.
24348	This booklet is intended as a guide to some items of equipment which may not be widely known, and particularly to some which have been developed only in the past few years.
24349	This bookmaker focuses on American customers and comes with a good offer in terms of Horse races, Greyhounds and Fantasy sports.
24350	This book will challenge you to become an extreme explorer, natural navigator and wildlife watcher in our National Parks.
24351	This bore the foundation of the dinosaur park as scientists were able to (miraculously) extract dinosaur DNA from the mosquito residing in the amber.
24352	This bought SW Mead to the wicket and he scored quickly, with able support from AP Viney, until lunch was taken with the MCC on 112-2.
24353	This branch offers property services spanning sales, lettings, conveyancing, insurance, survey, auction and mortgages services.
24354	This briefing paper looks at the importance of trade with the EU for UK sectors and industries.
24355	This brings me to the real game changer when it comes to trust… intent.
24356	This British Gypsum Cornice is a stylish finish suitable for any room.
24357	This brushing action is very different from that of regular manual toothbrushes, as it provides the movement, while you need only guide it.
24358	This building is great for creative children - use as a dolls' house.
24359	This building was victim to a fire in 1925, and on the same foundations was built the splendid clubhouse which today greets visitors to the course, pictured.
24360	This can also be a more tax efficient means of investing in new assets.
24361	This can be a good investment for the future, given the significant fines doled out by councils for non-compliance with regulations.
24362	This can become an acute problem for the caller who does not have a professional representative with whom to double-check information and advice they receive from HMRC.
24363	This can be effective if symptoms include isolating themselves from family or losing interest in previously enjoyed hobbies.
24364	This can be just an email field, or a name and address field with a few sentences about why people should subscribe.
24365	This can be repeated many times, right up until the arrival of the first frost.
24366	This can be tricky, so if you don’t find what you need using this method, we recommend that you try a search for the image using other information.
24367	This can boost their self-esteem and help create a feeling of well-being.
24368	This can cause swelling and black marks.
24369	This can include instances where additional information confirms the rape did not occur, or where the rape occurred in another force area and was therefore transferred to the relevant force to record and investigate.
24370	This can include the use of certain words or phrases.
24371	This can include transport costs for groups who want to come along to main events should public transport not be accessible for them.
24372	This can indicate whether a person was eating mostly marine (eg shellfish and fish) or terrestrial organisms, and whether they had a vegetarian, meat or mixed diet.
24373	This can involve complicated investment decisions, that incur fees/taxes, at a time when you are grieving.
24374	This can make your pet extremely ill and may even cause the death of your beloved pet.
24375	This cannot be addressed by a single surgery, and it’s important that feedback about potential undersupply gets to the right part of the system.
24376	This can occur as a consequence of a serious injury and may be obvious to the owner, eg a cut pad.
24377	This can only be a great thing for Pocklington.”
24378	This can organise and shape the ideas of a section of workers who can then play a key role in the struggles to come.
24379	This car has been stored in an underground car park as is as original as the day it left the factory.
24380	This case study covers one possible way in which to re-assess learners in one skill in unit assessment, either at the same SCQF level, or another level as required.
24381	This category covers brand campaigns.
24382	This caused large shifts in the total FTE contained within each price group, because the price group was determined by the 1 module FTE was assigned for.
24383	This causes difficulty for files when they are published on the intranet or website.
24384	This change reflects a shift in methodological approach.
24385	This chemical is released in the brain at higher than normal levels in people with psychotic disorders and is believed to play a part in producing symptoms.
24386	This clamp fits directly onto the centre column to convert your tripod into a hide clamp.
24387	This clarifies the use of so-called composite instruments, as the Minister said, and we hope paves the way for collaborative working between the devolved Administrations and the UK Government.
24388	This class is designed as a “primer” for anyone interested in starting to produce, but are at a loss for what equipment to buy, what software to buy, and how to set it up.
24389	This cleanser quickly resolved my issue of hormonal acne and an oily t-zone.
24390	“This Code of Practice outlines services provided for prepayment meter customer’s by firmus energy (Supply) Limited (firmus energy, us, we, our).
24391	This, combined with the enormous spike in demand, could leave many consumers without heat, light or transport – just when it is needed most.
24392	"This Combo 2300 1.6 CDTi 105ps H1 van offers great accommodation and running costs, is fantastic value for money and comes with the balance of manufacturers warranty.
24393	This comes at a £1,000 premium, so we’d only recommend it to buyers who are serious about taking their Ignis off road regularly.
24394	This comfortable mattress is made from reflex foam with a layer of memory foam.
24395	This Commons Library brief explains the basic features of five major EU institutions: the European Parliament, the European Commission, the Council of the EU, the European Council and the Court of Justice of the EU.
24396	This Concentric Stars tee in Black features: Short sleeve cotton tee Round neckline Concentric star detail in gold and silver Slim fitting The perfect wardrobe addition for adding a touch of detail and a little sparkle to your day time look.
24397	This concept has been written into law and has evolved over many years.
24398	This concert will celebrate both this and their newly released album 'Reverie'.
24399	This condition is itself a product of alienation—as Timothy Morton has argued, “Romantic environmentalism is a flavour of modern consumerist ideology.
24400	This confidential helpline is open every day, 24 hours a day.
24401	This consists of the first ten pages of the feature or TV script in a table read with professional actors.
24402	This consultation is a rare and welcome acknowledgement that competition only extends so far.
24403	This continues a trend seen since 2010 (although the reporting changes prevent a direct comparison with figures from before 2014).
24404	This contribution to installation costs means villagers and local businesses will be able to get superfast broadband.
24405	This Control specifically rules out new low carbon levies until 2025 when the Treasury forecasts the aggregate cost of all existing levies to be falling “in order to protect consumers.”
24406	This cookie stores the document.referrer property from the original page, so that Optimizely can pass it into integrated technology platforms.
24407	This cookie stores the topics you favourited on the mobile site.
24408	This cookie will be stored for 2 years max. or until you change your cookie settings.
24409	This cooperation extends beyond this operation and illustrates the key role that industry has in tackling, what can be, a highly technical criminal threat.
24410	This corresponds to approximately 1.8 gigatonnes of carbon dioxide emissions avoided.
24411	This could also mean your vehicle may be subject to a higher rate of road tax (VED).
24412	This could be direct clinical or clinical research experience (which may be part of Master’s or doctoral research).
24413	This could be either the date when you will be paid, or the last possible working day for that pay period being covered by the payslip.
24414	This could be on land or at sea.
24415	This could be residential, and office development as is.
24416	This could be the application of a retrospective fee, court prosecution, or removal of the storage container, cherrypicker, MEWP or crane.
24417	This could be the ONE you've been looking for.
24418	This could be your chance to meet The One!
24419	This could impact on what kinds of candidates are put forward for elections in the first place.
24420	This could include information we receive from the Department for Work and Pensions in relation to wages, benefits, capital and pensions.
24421	This could include isolating you from friends and family, controlling your finances, monitoring what you do and where you go, putting you down and making you feel worthless or threatening to harm you, your child or your property.
24422	This could mean stripping out floors, ceilings and fitted units.
24423	This could not have been possible in a racist state.
24424	This could spook the markets and cause a large leap in French bond yields.
24425	This country has some of the best drinking water in the world and we want everyone to benefit from it.
24426	This, coupled with an industry initiative to increase the number of ATMs in deprived areas, has seen the number of cash machines in the UK rise to an all-time high of 66,134.
24427	This course costs £1100 VAT inc. The cost includes training, assessment, books and certification.
24428	This course has been designed for qualified nurses who have completed a pre-registration PgDip in Nursing at the University of West London and wish to 'top-up' their award to a Masters degree.
24429	This course is aimed at individuals and organisations whose work brings them into contact with children and their parents/carers and families.
24430	This course is designed for all network engineers involved in the implementation and configuration of enterprise networks.
24431	This course is designed for English-speaking teachers of STEM subjects in primary and secondary schools, and sixth form and FE colleges.
24432	This course is designed to give you the mathematical skills needed to understand geoscience problems involving differentiation, integration, differential equations and the derivation of conservation equations.
24433	This course is for experienced operatives who hold the Core Domestic Gas Safety (CCN1) qualification.
24434	This course provides a basic introduction to tracing your family tree in Scotland, and combines both practical and theoretical skills, to enable you to research your Scottish ancestry more effectively.
24435	This course provides an exciting introduction to many aspects of Art and Design.
24436	This course provides a practical overview of key areas of employment law that are frequently encountered by organisations on a day to day basis.
24437	This covers a multitude of minor and sometimes major treatments.
24438	This covers charges in respect of your account if you fall behind with your payments.
24439	This creamy recipe is made even better with nuts and marshmallows.
24440	This creative thinking is such a valuable asset in school when children have to write creative, inspired stories.
24441	This currently costs the industry billions per year.
24442	This cute whale tea infuser is the perfect accompaniment to your daily tea breaks.
24443	This database includes local (Lancashire Evening Post), regional and national newspapers, newsletters, magazines and trade journals, newswires, broadcast transcripts, company news, and more.
24444	This data is licensed under an Open Government Licence (external website).
24445	This data shows that in general drivers aged over 70 pay higher premiums than those in their middle age because they are more likely to make more expensive claims.
24446	This date changes every year as female state pension age rises.
24447	This deadline was not met, so Mozambique was granted, a five year extension, which runs out this year.
24448	This debate bodes well for what needs to emerge.
24449	This delightful cottage is located in the village of Fritton, Norfolk.
24450	This demonstration will also test the technology's performance and cost effectiveness compared with standard GPS.
24451	This denies visiting campers the opportunity of using some of the best situated pitches.
24452	This detached family home offers a roomy fitted kitchen with enough space for a dining area as well as a family area, which is sure to make this room the hub of your home.
24453	This dinner was held at the Talbot Hotel (now “The Sportsman’s”).
24454	This disease results in significant crop losses in store (circa 5%) with associated negative financial impacts.
24455	This display represents a traditional small builder’s merchants yard of the mid-1920s comprising a brick office, a stone hovel and an open yard.
24456	This disregard for the law warranted prosecution.
24457	This Distance Learning Course covers a wide range of topics that ensure participants build knowledge and competency quickly in the many related core areas of telecommunications business.
24458	This does not mean that there was a disjunction between speculative and practical interests, or that the ‘practical’ work was always particularly useful.
24459	This does not mean that they are not dedicated and competent clinicians.
24460	This donation is in keeping with the mission of Fresenius Kabi, which is to put lifesaving medicines and technologies in the hands of people who care for patients.”
24461	This Dossier will help arbitrators, counsel and parties to properly address the challenge of reducing the duration and cost of arbitration proceedings.
24462	This elegant Cadillac comes with a very beautiful yellow paint and a vinyl roof.
24463	This emphasis on cash flow has really helped business because it has focused him on getting work out quicker, getting the cash in quicker and also juggling some payments to suppliers when he needs to.
24464	This enables constant cleaning of trucks, vans, commercial and construction vehicles and equipment.
24465	This enables early identification of any issues that may arise and enables a swift resolution.
24466	This enables Lesley to produce things such as mouth guards and bleaching trays for the practice on site.
24467	This enables the impact of illness of the person you care for is monitored and services are adjusted for both of you.
24468	This enables them to best assist you because of their high level of knowledge and expertise.
24469	This enables us to plan suitable programmes and interventions to address the needs of the young person with the intention of preventing further offending.
24470	This encouraged me to apply for the project which is the subject of this report, with Dr Johnes again working as the project research officer.
24471	This encourages everybody to be in control of their water usage, and therefore save water, and is deemed the fairest way to pay.
24472	This engine also takes the versatile and adaptable Grip Control functionality providing a choice of appropriate mode (Standard; Snow; Mud; Sand & ESP Off) for the surface you encounter.
24473	This ensures an all-round service for clients offering both electrical and plumbing services.
24474	This ensures maximum manoeuvrability and control at all speeds and surfaces.
24475	This ensures that all ceramics and pottery are dishwasher, microwave and frost proof, although they will keep their shine better if washed by hand.
24476	This ensures that the development would actually lessen the risk of flooding in the area.
24477	This entry takes a look at the psychology behind your social media posts.
24478	This e-petition remains open to signatures and will be considered for debate by the Backbench Business Committee should it pass the 100 000 signature threshold.
24479	This episode focuses on the experiences of two female entrepreneurs and discusses how organisations can develop their own entrepreneurial culture.
24480	This episode, Michael gets reaction to the news that Chelsea football club have announced a £60m deal with Nike.
24481	This equates to £120 a week (or c. £6,000 a year) for each parent over 25 years old or £112 to £180 a week (or c. £5,800 a year) for each parent between 21 and 24 years old.
24482	This event discussed the challenges facing Housing Land Audits.
24483	This event focused on ‘what improvements can be made within the existing crime statistics framework, and how we might begin to capture crimes that currently fall outside the scope of this framework’.
24484	This event is open to participants aged 18+.
24485	This event was designed to help educate and inspire students to find the right career for them.
24486	This event was supported by QMUL’s Centre for Public Engagement.
24487	This ‘evil’ or ‘King’s Evil’ was probably scrofula, a swelling in the lymph nodes, although to contemporaries the name applied to any kind of swelling or skin complaint.
24488	This example of a network diagram demonstrates the connections between certain individuals.
24489	This expenditure does not need to be restricted to 65% in the same way as for SME claims.
24490	This experience can then support progression into post-16 education in a single specialism.
24491	This experience entitles you to entry for a family of four to Shrek’s Adventure! where all your favourite fairytale characters await your arrival.
24492	This exploration of Brixham Harbour and Berry Head affords tremendous views over Torbay and southwards towards Start Bay.
24493	This extra room doesn’t necessarily have to be a bedroom either.
24494	This extremely well presented two double bedroom split level modern apartment is situated in the centre of East Dulwich with views across the whole of London including London Eye and The Shard.
24495	This eye-catching, modern take on a classic snapback cap features Flexfit 110 technology for the ultimate one-size-fits-all comfort.
24496	This fabulous split-level penthouse apartment set within a secure development boasts stylish and spacious accommodation including a large reception room, a sizeable terrace and two double bedrooms.
24497	This factsheet provides applicants with guidance on what to do if they are unhappy with any decisions made by Ofgem in relation to their Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) application or installation.
24498	This falls under the heading of risk management and some people have built careers constructing highly complex models in the hope that they might achieve the Holy Grail of perfectly understanding risks, and so, controlling them.
24499	This fantastic free event is perfect for families and tourists, who will be able to stroll around, sampling the delights of comedic talents from around the world delivered in the universal language of laughter.
24500	This fantastic two bedroom ground floor flat is in great condition and features a huge reception room/kitchen with bright front-aspect windows in a superb location close to Boston Manor's shops and travel links.
24501	This feature is incentive for you to provide buyers with exceptional experiences, such as offering free returns.
24502	This feature serves to both speed up detection of dead connections and to generate a guaranteed minimum frequency of activity to attempt to prevent the connection from being dropped.
24503	This festival is a perfect platform for this message.”
24504	This figure is 8.2% higher than last year, which compares well to the UK wide figure of 6.5%.
24505	This figure is 8.3% higher than last year, which compares badly to the UK wide figure of 12.3%.
24506	This figure is a decrease of 8.5% versus the same period last year (Q3 2011).
24507	This figure is an increase of 16.9% versus the same period last year (Q3 2012).
24508	This figure is an increase of 41.0% versus the same period last year (Q4 2011).
24509	This figure is an increase of 55.2% versus the same period last year (Q4 2012).
24510	This figure was slightly lower than the previous year (40% in 2010/2011).
24511	This film was commissioned by Arena in a series about maverick entrepreneurs in the UK in 1974.
24512	This fixture measures 1200mm wide, 590mm deep and 940mm high when installed with Console legs, which are available to be ordered separately.
24513	This flag was sold to support Barnardo’s charity.
24514	This follows a united walkout by the Aslef, RMT, TSSA and Unite unions on Wednesday night and Thursday of last week that completely shut down the undergound.
24515	This follows the same decision made last year in respect of RSLs in England.
24516	This follow-up survey collects a wide range of information on a graduate’s employment or further study circumstances.
24517	This form is used to collect data on UK monetary financial institutions’ securitisations special purpose vehicles (SVPs) and covered bond limited liability partnerships (LLPs).
24518	This form of massage dates back over a thousand years.
24519	This form shows which items you intend to leave at the property and which you intend to take with you.
24520	This forms the second section of the theory test and must be passed at the same time.
24521	This fosters a deeper understanding of how the world works, especially on the applied side of the subject, and will hopefully continue to develop into areas of maths which are used in all walks of life today, and form a vital part of our world.
24522	This found little evidence of any improvement since the NAO report was published.
24523	This fourth-year course looks at the literature of this formative period in the history of the United States, between the Civil War in the 1860s and the Great Depression in the 1920s.
24524	This four-year MEng degree in electronic communications integrates a year of Master’s-level study and an industrial placement.
24525	This four-year programme includes one year spent studying abroad either through the Erasmus scheme in Europe or with one of our international partner institutions elsewhere in the world.
24526	This French hot hatch has such a race look about it with all the mod-cons you would expect from a modern car, there is nothing stripped back about this GTi.
24527	This fridge freezer from Lec offers loads of storage room for fresh, chilled and frozen food without taking up too muc.
24528	This fully-automatic system will secure the whole body, without there being any need for operator attention.
24529	This funding, subject to the agreement of Council in November, will see an additional two new 3G pitches created in the County, boosting our ambitious plans for every resident to have access to such a facility within a three mile radius.
24530	This fund is contributing to an important step change in nature conservation by encouraging and supporting people who bring farmers, foresters and other land managers together to improve the local natural environment at a landscape scale.
24531	This gated development is superbly located, being within the centre of Weybridge and benefitting from having allocated off-street parking.
24532	This gate provided access into the Upper Ward.
24533	This gives me a real opportunity to influence how we identify, nurture and develop talented people.
24534	This gives the most cost effective way of powering a golf trolley.
24535	This gives them the advantage of being able to finely tune their tours to include the best every location has to offer.
24536	This glass internal door displays accents of contemporary decor.
24537	This goes back to traditional printing where each colour had (and still has today) a separate plate which the printer would lay each colour onto.
24538	This gorgeous dress features a pretty mesh overlay, short sleeves, a choker neckline with front and back cut-outs.
24539	This Groom would have perhaps struggled to rely on his Bride’s activity on Snapchat alone to satisfy this fact.
24540	This ground floor maisonette is ideal for a first time buyer or someone looking to downsize.
24541	This guarantees you'll always have good enough internet to do business while ensuring customers won't be put off by crummy Wi-Fi.
24542	This guidance identifies a way forward, outlining a consistent sector wide approach aligned to the Scottish Census 2011.
24543	This guide features Bearreraig Bay fossils and some local information.
24544	This guide includes some general information on a range of Scottish and UK based trust funds.
24545	This guide is a celebration of hedgerows.
24546	This guide will show you how to access your SiteLock Panel.
24547	This had been possible previously, but going forward the "Bulk Public" tool will automatically select unpublished parents when unpublished child pages are selected.
24548	This had the advantage of creating a powerful and creative coalition, as witnessed on the streets of Seattle in 1999, but it also meant tensions and contradictions within the movement.
24549	This Hampshire town, which comes under Rushmoor Borough Council, has a population in excess of 93,000 and it famous for its aviation links.
24550	This handcrafted Children's Original wellington forms a smaller version of the Hunter iconic original tall boot crafted from 28 parts.
24551	This handshake – which is essential for establishing a connection – becomes necessary whenever the CDN service receives a user requestrequires consultation with the server.
24552	This handy bag has a magnetic clasp for closing and an inner pocket with a zip for smaller items.
24553	This happened after walking and swimming in Loch nan Geadh, Daliburgh.
24554	This happens automatically if students if a demerit is logged against a student.
24555	This happy news comes less after ITV insisted they have no plans to drop the duo from 'I'm a Celebrity.
24556	This has all happened very quickly, we have noticed his memory impairment and other related problems really only since just after Christmas, although looking back there was the odd issue since September.
24557	This has an attractive beer garden and serves food to 2.30pm (3pm weekends), but is closed Mondays (except BH).
24558	This has a WC, wash basin, shower cubicle and panelled bath.
24559	This has been adapted for the needs of survivors who are in prison.
24560	This has been ECB policy since 2010.
24561	This has been sparked by examples in America, where there never has been any proper baseline monitoring.
24562	This has changed our thinking.
24563	This has enabled travellers on legitimate sites to gain access to education and health facilities and integrate with the local community.
24564	This has, however, been an unnecessary mess, with a somewhat unfortunate scapegoat in Nick Hardwick.
24565	This has increased the pressure on website operators since they need to make sure that their products and services are displayed in an optimal way and can be easily found by the search engine.
24566	This has led to the opening of market opportunities for export which were previously not available.”
24567	This has major economic, market and political ramifications.
24568	This has resulted in a significant saving to the Buckinghamshire taxpayer over the period, principally through reduced removal and disposal costs.
24569	This has resulted in many of the basic containment measures for animal rooms being translated from guidance into law.
24570	This has resulted in specific ecodesign requirements being set that pose minimum energy performance standards that manufacturers must ensure their products meet.
24571	This Hawick-Carlisle line, part of the Edinburgh-Carlisle ‘Waverley Route’, had itself been approved on 21 July 1859.
24572	This health and wellbeing profiles contain a range of indicators and measures to show how health and wellbeing in East Lothian compares to the national average, as well as showing the data for each ward individually.
24573	This hearing aid fits inside the bowl of the ear.
24574	This helps them produce premium quality eggs, which are picked, inspected and packed every morning.
24575	This helps to keep energy demands and running costs low.
24576	This helps to keep your home nice and warm for longer.
24577	This helps you get the right lashes for the style you’re after, meaning you’re not searching through the site for hours or buying the wrong lashes.
24578	This highly creative interactive adventure beguiled and enchanted children and adults alike.
24579	This high quality slate board is perfect when you want to create a natural atmosphere in a shop or café.
24580	This home benefits from living area, kitchen, double bedroom and bathroom, together with (.
24581	This hook will be invoked regardless of whether the job completes successfully or not, and must exit successfully.
24582	This house has belonged to our family for over 20 years, and we spent many a holiday there when the children were small.
24583	This however the citizens persistently challenged, saying that no one except the Sheriffs of London ought to hold pleadings, in the City as to trespasses there committed; but to no purpose.
24584	This husband and wife team are experts on Direct Debit.
24585	This ignores the fact, central to Marxist political economy, that the means of production were produced by labour in the past and do not in themselves generate any new value.
24586	This implies that native English speakers may demonstrate Elementary Level 2 proficiency if their regional dialect is so localised that it is not readily understood by those outside of that particular region.
24587	This incident was a distraction robbery taking place within sheltered accommodation in Lichfield.
24588	This included an excellent Wifi signal that worked on the beach too.
24589	This included financial templates, provider activity forecasts, the Better Care Fund plan and 2 year CCG operational plans.
24590	This includes careers advice, training ideas, use of Roberts money and the national research agenda.
24591	This includes checking how we assess the evidence, involve people affected by MS and that we review information regularly.
24592	This includes content, code, plugins, and everything.
24593	This includes culvert replacement, strengthening of river banks and installation of trash screens.
24594	This includes delivering the additional places in Special Schools, new Free Schools and Specialist Resourced Provisions as set out in this Strategy.
24595	This includes help with completing a job application form, writing a CV, interview techniques and more.
24596	This includes introduction to HRM; employment law; introduction to Continuing Professional Development (CPD); recruitment, selection and induction processes; interviewing; and HRM in the business context.
24597	This includes money from employment and self-employment, for example, if you have a part-time job.
24598	This includes participation in filming, providing testimonials and being interviewed for features on our website.
24599	This includes photographing and documenting every room on every floor, paying particular attention to fire safety provisions such as fire doors, the standards of construction work, the routing of pipework and smoke extraction systems.
24600	This includes studying detailed models of individual components and large biochemical networks in cells.
24601	This includes the costs of delivery.
24602	This includes the Department for Work and Pensions, other local authorities, HM Revenue and Customs, and the Police.
24603	This includes the under 18s.
24604	This includes those journeys, made on an industrial action day, where you have travelled with another operator using your Northern ticket.
24605	This includes your name, address, telephone number (including mobile number), e-mail address, language preference, password and PINs for your InControl Services account and your preferred authorised Land Rover retailer.
24606	This indicates that somewhere along the line there is something wrong with what you are doing.
24607	This information applies to England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
24608	This information can be collected, analysed and used to create compelling incentives to motivate anonymous visitors to become registered users and, ultimately, paying customers.
24609	This information can be found at https://www.
24610	This information does not include any personal data such as name, email, address, telephone number.
24611	This information was captured and considered by the project team and revised plans were presented again in March when over 230 visitors came to the centre and a further 80 feedback forms were completed.
24612	This information was last updated on 12 October 2016.
24613	This in no way affects our listing of offers – we will list a reputable free trial whether we earn money from it or not.
24614	This interdisciplinary approach undoubtedly benefited my research and helped me get where I am today.
24615	This intervention was undertaken by an ONR's civil, mechanical and site inspectors for the Devonport Licensed site.
24616	This intimate, one bedroom, split-level apartment is accessed via the beautiful cloisters close to all of the Highland Club facilities and just yards from the beautiful itself.
24617	This introduces harsher fines for companies breaching the rules - up to 4% of worldwide revenue - and seeks to harmonize those rules, eliminating national differences allowed under the Data Protection Directive.
24618	This investment helps build a stronger local economy and transform the lives of local people.
24619	This involved many late nights at the PETRA III synchrotron (the last night ended at 5:30am) but also incredible food.
24620	This involves the development of programs that run in a web browser (HTML/CSS/JavaScript) and administration of server-side tools.
24621	This is £16.4 billion lower than forecast last autumn.
24622	This is 3 months for dry cleaners and small waste oil burners.
24623	This is about two out of every five aged 16 or over.
24624	This is absolutely thrilling because you have to be able to identify what is pot and what is not and, moreover, be very careful to not break it.
24625	This is a career average pension which will be achieved at the usual retiral age of 60. If you presently have a pension it may be possible to transfer it into the police scheme.
24626	This is accompanied by an official guide to provide advice on what to look for when buying RWC 2015 products and lists official sources.
24627	This is a chargeable service.
24628	This is achieved by adding another authentication step for online payments; a password.
24629	This is achieved through providing advice and education for businesses and consumers and the detection and investigation of criminal offences.
24630	This is a conversation that no one truly wants to have.
24631	This is a decrease of 14 percentage points since 2001 when 72 per cent (2.1 million) of usual residents stated their religion as Christian.
24632	This is a developing field of interest.
24633	This is a different number than that which applies to Mandatory HMO Licencing where there must be at least 5 occupiers.
24634	This is a difficult position to be in as a coach as the players have nothing to play for and there is a decreased level of motivation throughout.
24635	This is a fitting procedure which the plumbers are responsible for.
24636	This is a focus on sexual feelings and thoughts.
24637	This is a follow up of Projects 71 and 94 to update measurement of the world city network by constructing a service values matrix for 175 leading advanced producer services firms across 526 cities.
24638	This is a full size picture of the page not a live-text PDF.
24639	This is age 55.
24640	This is a gem of a book for Radio 4 lovers, particularly those of us who work out which day…
24641	This is a great moment in history – a never to be forgotten moment for both the good people of Barking and Dagenham and for all of us in Britain.
24642	This is a great opportunity to gain biodynamic market garden experience in a vibrant and unique school setting.
24643	This is a great recipe!
24644	This is a highly sensitive job that is important to the farming industry, and the British people have a natural instinct to care about the animals we farm.
24645	This is a key differentiator between the models and one of a number of reasons why the 15-inch is better suited to creative pros.
24646	This is a list of all Davie McLachlan Committee Membership (As Substitute).
24647	This is a lovely apartment very clean and tidy and in a great location.
24648	This is a lovely property and viewing is strongly recommended!
24649	This is also a good opportunity to take some pictures and sneak in some social media posts to promote your business and the market before the fair starts so you are not sat looking at your phone when the customers arrive."
24650	This is also led by Prof Mark Kilby.
24651	This is also means that our old longer-term incentive schemes, which focused primarily on commercial growth, are being replaced by a new approach that considers both our commercial and charitable aims.
24652	This is also the same for someone who refers to themselves as a Director of the company; they may be involved in key negotiations and be the face of the company.
24653	This is also true in the wider south east Asian region, where secretary of state Hillary Clinton has been indefatigable in shoring up America’s military alliances.
24654	This is also up from 2.41% a month ago and 2.30% in April 2017, as well as marking a rise of 0.02% in the space of a week.
24655	This is a mailing list for a network that aims to promote research and teaching in the field of Social Policy and Environment in the UK.
24656	This is a man with his finger on the pulse of new music.
24657	This is a multi-agency plan that is led in the Council by the Trading Standards team, working closely with other responders.
24658	This is an album to delight their legion of fans, even if jaded old me might have wanted a few slightly more compelling songs in their selection.
24659	This is an amazing opportunity to train with one of the best dressage riders in the country at HOYS!
24660	This is an awesome dress.
24661	This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate with strong analytical and process skills to shape a global and fast changing team.
24662	“This is an exciting acquisition which complements Peninsula’s existing business, in that both organisations focus on different sectors of the marketplace.
24663	This is an exciting opportunity for partnership working to support transformation, abandoning the traditional roles and instead working together to generate business insight and ideas.
24664	This is an exciting period, in which most of the contours of French artistic life were subject to debate, and in which artists responded closely to contemporary political and social developments.
24665	This is an exciting "supergroup" that unites two of the finest tenor saxophonists in Europe, Dave O'Higgins from the UK and Max Ionata from Italy, in a searing double sax-led quartet.
24666	“This is an exciting time to foster for Bradford Council and Mockingbird will add to the significant support offered to new and experienced carers in Bradford, making fostering more rewarding than ever.”
24667	This is an image the duplicator used by Gael Turnbull to print Migrant - it was nick-named 'The Monster'.
24668	This is an improvement on 2009 when Blackpool was responsible for 0.2% of all UK companies.
24669	This is an increasingly widespread scam, largely perpetrated by criminal gangs and often from abroad.
24670	This is an incredibly flexible way to study, with a number of core units complemented by optional units, allowing you to tailor your course to suit the needs of your employer and your long-term career plans.
24671	This is an interesting photograph, in that it shows the north side of Dundee High Street, while the buildings to the right (and east) of the junction are technically Nethergate.
24672	This is another lovely reservoir walk in Lancashire, and is about 2.5 miles.
24673	This is an update in relation to the incident in Pickering last night (20 October 2015) which officers are treating as an aggravated burglary.
24674	This is a one or two year course for adults with additional needs.
24675	This is a place I would return to time and time again, to escape, indulge and find a little bit of peace – or perhaps to visit the 12th-century chapel in the grounds, which hosts weddings.
24676	This is a powerful medication that's only used for short periods because it can have troublesome side effects.
24677	This is a purpose built theatre and assembly hall, used every day for pupil assemblies and throughout the year for concerts, plays and other events.
24678	This is a range of assessment items which together assess a Unit or a Course, and which are taken under controlled conditions.
24679	This is a real human interest piece and really honouring those we lost.
24680	“This is a really exciting contract for us.
24681	This is a really exciting departure for National Geographic!
24682	This is a really fantastic way to get feedback on how you're progressing.
24683	“This is a real windfall for us that will make a big difference to how we tell the story of the seabirds and wildlife that make their home on the cliffs.
24684	This is a regular role that is really flexible - the team decide how often they meet and when they organise local activity.
24685	This is a seismic shift - the highest fine a regulator can currently impose is £500,000.
24686	This is a senior role, empowered to drive change in the business, it would really suit someone that has, strong people management skills coupled to a track record of success as at the highest level.
24687	This is a serious matter for services on the gateway of a World Heritage Site.
24688	This is a short practical introduction to painting a portrait.
24689	This is a significant reduction from the £2.46bn spent in 2004-05.
24690	This is a small but important step in continuing to improve as a force.”
24691	This is a smaller fire engine called target response vehicle (MIDI).
24692	This is a snapshot investigation, the figures in the table represent the median average waiting times during the two week undercover investigation in September and October 2017.
24693	This is a standalone promotional offer and cannot be combined with any other hairdressing service nor the value stated used for salon classes or retail sales.
24694	This is at a time of renewed political interest in localism and the benefits from empowering communities.
24695	This is a two-bedroomed mid-terrace house located on Welholme Road, a short distance from local shopping facilities, in this well established location in Grimsby.
24696	THIS is Australia's creative vanguard!
24697	This is a value set by central government.
24698	This is a very dangerous debate and it could have wide-ranging effects on trans people and, in particular, trans children.
24699	This is a very large & busy exhibition for the oil & gas industry and we travelled there to meet up with a number …
24700	This is a vital role that supports the Home Manager with important day-to-day financial and organisational administration.
24701	This is because damage has been found to the lock wall which will make pressure grouting necessary.
24702	This is because it could cause a blood clot to form in your heart which could travel to your brain.
24703	This is because since in the winter months, the unit needs to work harder (and hence uses more electricity) to drive the temperature up to an acceptable temperature.
24704	This is because the process of mincing and chopping mixes the bacteria from the outside surface of meat to within the meat.
24705	This is because we feel pushed to keep up with each other.
24706	This is because with moist and oxygenated soil there are few treatments that will successfully enable wood to resist bacteria or fungus for long, but Shield has been found to perform exceptionally well.
24707	This is because without to the cables, which are located throughout buildings, strangers cannot easily intercept or read data.
24708	This is because you want your procedure to be safe and effective.
24709	This is called a Direct Earnings Attachment (
24710	This is caused by a larger than ‘normal’ gap between the breasts and insufficient tissue at the top of each breast to provide support.
24711	This is causing great concern to trustees and their advisers and has led the Association of Taxation Technicians (ATT) to call for an extension to the upcoming deadline to allow advisers time to fully comply with the new rules.
24712	This is certainly true of websites, except for crashing.
24713	This is clever.
24714	This is common sense, but it is hard to calculate the number of accidents due to poor vision alone.
24715	This is complemented by practical experiences in job sectors like horticulture, landscaping, sport, music, hair and beauty.
24716	This is continued when on the team, with a network of support from the Team Leaders and team itself.
24717	This is covered by age, gender, household size, social group and geographical area.
24718	This is dangerous talk.
24719	This is done by taking an impression of your teeth and making a model of them.
24720	This is due to paying at the pump being a different process to going to the till, and has resulted in the supermarket giant taking extra measures to ensure people can actually afford the amount they take.
24721	This is due to those students being recorded as dormant which automatically excludes them from enrolment data.
24722	This is equally applicable to solicitors.
24723	This is equivalent to the Bracknell Forest area as a whole.
24724	This is especially important as new transformation plans look likely to make £22bn in cuts across the country.
24725	This is especially important at nights or weekends.”
24726	This is especially important if making some of the changes above hasn’t helped or it’s been going on for over a month.
24727	This is especially the case for accommodation and the last thing you want to do is book a flight and realise you have no room at your destination.
24728	This is especially true as organisations strive to be entrepreneurial, proactive and lead rather than follow change: It’s crucial to be adequately staffed to be prepared for future changes.
24729	This is especially true if you don’t feel very knowledgeable on a topic you need to write about, or you're not generally comfortable writing.
24730	This is exactly what the powers-that-be hoped for when they made F1 engines smaller and restricted fuel usage in 2006 and 2014.
24731	This is expected to rise to 1 million by 2021.
24732	This is fantastic, but it is just the tip of the iceberg in terms of what the Chamber can do for local businesses.
24733	‘This is fast food in the best sense; and the bright yellow, cloth-bound volume could quickly become your everyday go-to cookery book’ The Times, ‘Books of the Year’
24734	This is for those professionals within the construction and legal disciplines who are not practising the Act but, as a duty of care, would like to keep abreast of party wall matters.
24735	This is for your benefit to make sure that AAD data is always showing the current view.
24736	This is for your own safety and that of everyone who uses this service.
24737	This is good news for patients, and also for us here at The Institute of Cancer Research in London.
24738	This is great news for our area with more financial security for people in work and more families with the stability brought about by a regular income.
24739	This is helping drive forward Mace’s ambition to make a real and sustainable difference to the lives of disadvantaged people and communities where Mace works.
24740	This is his registration of British citizenship.
24741	This is ideally designed for savers who want to have an idea of the exact amount that they’ll receive in the end and thus, do not want a variable account.
24742	This is in addition to high charges, typically 20 to 30% for entering into one of these arrangements and high risk investments for the remaining pension savings.
24743	This is in itself rather unique as the site is not normally open to the public.
24744	This is just a taste of what a couple of judges had to say.
24745	This is just a tried and a tested way of extracting the bonuses which the bookmakers offer the customers in the ongoing basis.
24746	This is just one part of the CARs scheme which will also assist property owners along Bridge Street to conserve, repair or maintain their buildings to a heritage standard.”
24747	This is just the latest blow in a long line of embarrassing setbacks for the Defend Europe mission.
24748	This is key in trying to make a reasonable assessment of how far a tree’s roots may have extended.
24749	This is known as being ‘metered for payment.’
24750	This island features a worktop that overhangs substantially at one end to provide a breakfast bar.
24751	This is likely most useful for showing political/administrative boundaries, allowing for easier visual comparisons.
24752	This is mainly for foreigners who want to come over and settle in the UK for some reason or the other.
24753	This is most clearly seen in the action face where a titanium insert will take…
24754	This is most likely to happen when, for some or all of the relevant period, you have lived outside the residence area that applies to you.
24755	This is much longer than we see for similar volcanoes on Earth.'
24756	This is my lovely Rover P6 which I have had for just over a year.
24757	This is my two-for-the-price-of-one product!
24758	This is no different to any other council or tribunal - whether or not based on Sharia principles.
24759	This is non-invasive and non-noxious!
24760	This is no ordinary man as in 1988 Tim gave up the life of an International Banker with HSBC to start a home for homeless children in Calcutta, helped by Mother Theresa's brothers.
24761	This is normally a simple process and can usually be done through the voucher provider's website or by phone.
24762	This is normally provided by the health authority or social services in response to a request from the local authority.
24763	This is no staged restoration; almost everything in the house belonged to Monet, right down to the cookware and furniture, and it feels thoroughly lived-in, and the artist is very much present through the various trappings of his life.
24764	This is not a car that shouts or barks or growls.
24765	This is not a new concept but in recent times more people seem to have confused it with other, similar terms.
24766	This is not fusion, or molecular gastronomy, or pig’s bladder, or any profound weirdness — the usual highways to the World’s 50 Best Restaurants List, sponsored by S. Pellegrino and Acqua Panna.
24767	This is not through the gate ahead of you but the field to the right and there is a footpath signposted by the stile.
24768	This is now the go to location for lodge holidays in the region, set in the stunning Kent countryside and featuring accommodation which is fully equipped with everything you could ask for in your break away from the pressures of everyday life.
24769	This isn’t a great way to raise money in tax really, making sure that foreign governments get more than the British one does.
24770	This isn’t because we believe that our marriage will be doomed if we catch a glimpse of each other before the ceremony, but because not seeing one another until the vows are ready to be said is romantic.”
24771	This isn’t one of those George Bush he-who-is-not-with-me-is-a-terrorist situations, is it?
24772	This is of great significance following the RMI’s Independent Garage Associations (IGA) recent recruitment of a Trade and Local Authority Liaison Manager, created in response to the Government’s Apprenticeship Reform programme.
24773	This isolation reflects the problems which the theoreticians of the New Left encountered when they tried to find a mechanism to resolve Marx's dialectic and break out of capitalist society altogether.
24774	This is one gift that’s not just personal, but essential to the understanding roots and a family’s path up through history.
24775	This is one of the largest and more important collections in the UK with many fine examples.
24776	This is one of the main priorities of the Government Transformation Strategy published earlier this year.
24777	This is one thing we’re happy to put all our eggs in once basket over.
24778	This is on tax free pension…
24779	This is our third visit.
24780	This is our Vavasour Suite set with a long top table.
24781	This is painful and may cause blood to appear in the urine.
24782	This is particularly important at night and on windows which do not benefit from direct sun during the day.
24783	This is particularly true of the potential role of fire in, and response to, abrupt geomorphic and climatic change.
24784	This is placed at the end of the URL, in this case £1.
24785	This is potentially hazardous.
24786	This is proved if, in the absence of the breach, the ill-treatment or wilful neglect would not have occurred or would have been less likely to occur.
24787	This is rape culture in action.
24788	This is really very disappointing as a lot of hard work has gone into this by a combination of Hebden Royd Town Council and ourselves as Calderdale ward Councillors with the support of Calderdale's Regeneration Scrutiny Panel and Highways Officers."
24789	This is relevant for my current PhD research where I intent to develop re-construction alternatives for heritage areas after earthquakes in Chile.
24790	This is rocket.
24791	This is similar to adding them as a “friend” on your personal account.
24792	This is something really specific to Peterhouse - there are only one or two other colleges with comparatively generous grant schemes, and Peterhouse’s grants are definitely envied across the rest of the university!’
24793	This is something that will be judged on a case-by-case basis.
24794	This is something we are hoping to rectify by making more of our links with local schools including Griffin and Heathbrook to offer friendly fixtures.
24795	This is something which the UK will seek to promote internationally”.
24796	This is so that we can verify that you live work or study in Manchester and so that we can respond to you directly.
24797	This is so that you can demonstrate your ability to drive safely in realistic driving situations, rather than memorising a particular test route.
24798	This is stage 1 of 4 of the application process, which takes at least 6 months.
24799	This is St Patrick's Day, and one hopes that people will celebrate wisely rather than too well.
24800	This issue was raised with the Scottish Executive Environment Group on 16 November 2004.
24801	This is supported by a fascinating interview with Ekins, and by some directly relevant wartime photos (including pictures of two of Wittmann's knocked out tanks.
24802	This is tested again when the tanker returns to the dairy.
24803	This is the case both for houses and flats.
24804	This is the date at which you would like the Share Valuation to be calculated.
24805	This is the EPOC port of Michael J. Roberts's TADS Interactive Fiction interpreter.
24806	This is the first and greatest commandment.
24807	This is the first collaboration between Foresight and BTS, which has two such plants under construction in the UK and is looking to expand its UK project pipeline.
24808	“This is the first in a number of incremental improvements which may be progressed in advance of the delivery of the full A1 Junctions phase two scheme.
24809	This is the first stage in a refresh that will see the gallery renamed Cultural Connections.
24810	This is the first time that, following the negligent release of toxic material into the atmosphere, a court has found that this material can be inhaled and ingested by pregnant women and is capable of causing serious birth defects to their children.
24811	This is the first time that Worthing Judo club will be hosting the national event and needless to say everyone is very excited.
24812	This is the former capital of the Burmese empire, and the spiritual heart of Burma.
24813	This is the forth AS2000XT (or earlier equivalent models) I've had - two in each of the two bathrooms.
24814	This is the Government’s view.
24815	This is the main glazing installed in many older homes.
24816	This is the most pressing equality issue of our time!”
24817	This is the most prominent part of your ad, in terms of font size, and the first impression that your ad makes on potential customers.
24818	This is the new meeting pod from Flexiform - the pip.
24819	This is the percentage return that you will receive on your savings.
24820	This is the perfect holiday for those wanting to experience as much of the beauty and variety that the Emerald Isle has to offer, in one tour.
24821	This is the perfect place to start demonstrating thought leadership in your chosen industry, so be sure to post regularly and include the link on your CV so that potential employers can see how knowledgeable and enthusiastic you are about your field.
24822	This is the place to buy your harissa, sumac, chermoula, ras al hanout.
24823	This is the pump I decided on.
24824	This is the second time that we have instructed Felicity J Lord to sell a property of ours and once again we were not disappointed with the level of service that we received from our first meeting to discuss our valuation right through to completion.
24825	This is the sixth song from our live album ‘
24826	This is the sort of blinkered incompetence we pay for through our taxes.
24827	This is the version that we mainly carry in our heads.
24828	This is the view of two Shared Lives carers in Cambridgeshire who are supporting a call for more people to take up the opportunity to make a real impact on someone’s life by joining the scheme.
24829	"This is third generation of bluegrass music at its sublime best.
24830	This is to cover the cost of running our comparison tables and goes towards the work we do campaigning on behalf of all consumers.
24831	This is to enable individuals, your employees and the ICO to contact the DPO as needed.
24832	This is to prevent the site being compromised by spam.
24833	This is used for the legitimate business purpose of handling customer enquiries in real time and then following up.
24834	This is used where a need is identified for enhanced support and a family based placement is considered appropriate.
24835	This is usually in a subject which relates to their area of interest.
24836	This is usually the quickest and most effective way of sorting out the problem.
24837	This is vital work, and needs to be done.
24838	​This is what is called ASM access.
24839	This is where the Bill and pollinator corridors come in.
24840	This is where the use of hearing protection products, such as ear plugs, will have a positive impact on a person's hearing in the long term.
24841	This is where the Volvo S90 excels.
24842	This is where we have the chance to shout to the rooftops about all the new things we are really proud of; from new and updated collections and ranges, to new individual products and initiatives.
24843	This is why 1eat eating club gets their members upto 50% of their bill to encourage them to go out and try new cuisines.
24844	This is why at First Hull Trains we are sponsoring young athletes from Hull and East Yorkshire to help them to achieve their own Olympic ambitions.
24845	This is why GSHP systems, with their more constant source temperatures, are generally more efficient than other forms of heat pump such as Air Source HP’s.
24846	This is why it is important to get some help to get the bullying to stop.
24847	This is why the charity The Newlife Foundation is launching a Berkshire fund.
24848	This is why the industry invests over £200 million a year on tackling insurance scams, such as bogus claims for compensation made against organisations.
24849	This is why we are hoping to raise community awareness through this training.”
24850	This is why we will win.
24851	This is with out the phone I now know it would be cheaper to go with the rip off lot “BT”
24852	This item is currently out of stock until further notice.
24853	This, it felt, would pose a risk to buy-to-let borrowers and the economy as a whole.
24854	This job was for treatment of rising damp within a semi-detached house in Northwood.
24855	This joint venture will allow both businesses to consolidate and diversify their current portfolios in the Birmingham area.
24856	This journal covers all aspects of marine ecology, fundamental and applied.
24857	This kind of synthetic steroid cycle is the best for athletes, who are in to weight lifting, boxing, javelin throw, shot put and any other sport, which require bulk muscles for strength and weight.
24858	This Kore cabinet comes with a double sided mirrored door that opens out to adjustable glass shelves and a mirrored back panel.
24859	This lack of progress is historically unusual and reflects the more general lack of real income growth.
24860	This landlord insurance is competitively priced at £1.54 per £1,000 of rebuild costs, plus IPT which is currently 12%, there is also a small administration fee.
24861	This largest South American country has 4,655 miles of coast, including hotspots such as Rio de Janeiro with its renowned Copacabana and Ipanema beaches.
24862	This latest edition was an entirely new vehicle underneath its surface, but retained its classic exterior features.
24863	“This latest sponsorship will provide superb exposure for both parties, with the game being shown live on BBC One, and we’re immensely proud to wear his name for such a massive game.”
24864	This leaflet provides information on supporting employees with Eating Disorders in the Bolton area.
24865	This lecture will review these.
24866	This led me to thinking about all the tailors that used to be in Coventry.
24867	This led to a disconsolate mood in the car when Doshi accidentally sailed past a service station with a much-waited for McDonald’s sign.
24868	This led to the question as to the number of BRs in which such a situation can be observed and if it affects the conservation objectives.
24869	This letter contains our approval of the Entry Capacity Transfer and Trade (ECTT) methodology statement submitted by National Grid Gas Transmission on 25 July 2014 and provides the reasons for our decision.
24870	This Library Note provides background reading in advance of the second reading in the House of Lords of the Education and Adoption Bill on 20 October 2015.
24871	This list contains things which you can buy at the airport or on holiday, but it’s better to have it with you as you’ll probably get a better deal buying it at home!
24872	This list is not exhaustive and it is for this reason that a team led by Tom Robson, Vice Chairman, with members from the field, will look to see if we need to do our work in a different way or not.
24873	This list only contains Bikes & Scooters products.
24874	This literature suggests that in the areas of EU environmental and social policies, a group of Member States –‘strong/high regulators’ – is most effective during legislative negotiations.
24875	This little front microlight packs a decent punch with a single 1.5 LU.
24876	This longer period modulation is similar to those nova-like systems which show `stunted' outbursts.
24877	This long partnership with the industry means that B&CE really knows the challenges you face as you get to grips with workplace pensions and auto-enrolment.
24878	This long-wearing, crease-resistant eye shadow is richly pigmented and can be applied sheer for a natural wash of colour or layered for a more dramatic effect.
24879	This looked like a pretty good argument because of the case of Kevin Betts v HMRC (2013) where it was common ground that the burden of proof was on HMRC.
24880	This lorry driver called LBC to explain why KFC have been forced to close most of their outlets after running out of chicken.
24881	This lovely church is one of two in the area dedicated to St Gwendoline, el.
24882	This lovely cousin of the dog resides in the farmlands where I ride, taking advantage of the rabbit population, the fields and hedges.
24883	This lovely easy ride follows National Cycle route 764 and the trackbed of a disused railway line from Dunfermline to Alloa via Clackmannan and Carnock.
24884	This lovely little place is situated right on the waterfront and is a slightly different take on the traditional fish and chip takeaway: everything is locally sourced, sustainably purchased and cooked to order.
24885	This lovely wide, sand and shingle beach is just far enough off the beaten track to make this one of Anglesey's true hidden gems.
24886	This lucrative new project – supposedly affordable rooms at Girton’s Swirles Court actually total up to £6,080 – is an important milestone in Cambridge’s aggressive, US-style expansion, as heralded by its £2 billion ‘Dear World fundraising campaign.
24887	This luxurious 150cm king size firm edge divan set contains a double layer reactive unit which provides excellent support for a comfortable night’s sleep.
24888	This machine is fitted with an integral 6 kva 110v generator.
24889	This made matters infinitely worse by confirming it thought Davies’ routine journalistic approach was “…considered to have gone beyond a reasonable course of conduct”.
24890	This magnificent orchestra is at the height of its powers, complete with its thrilling conductor, Andris Nelsons.
24891	This makes city navigating much easier.
24892	This makes electric ovens ideal for cooking different dishes at the same time.
24893	This makes it an incredible place to work and to be a part of something which is promoting and supporting the art of music.
24894	This makes it crucial to manage your referencing well throughout your studies – when it comes to writing up being able to have instant access to all your references and cite them automatically in your document really makes life easier.
24895	This makes the system a little cheaper than All-in-one or pocket nappies.
24896	This manufacturer of industrial equipment has an immediate order to place for the production of a stainless steel shaft.
24897	This manuscript is one of the most sumptuous surviving copies of a popular medieval encyclopaedia.
24898	This map shows markers for every photo, article and historic site within the Fields and Meadows category.
24899	This map shows markers for every photo, article and historic site within the Long Lawford category.
24900	This mattress includes the benefits of memory foam and also provides excellent heat reduction and breathable properties.
24901	This may be because they have stopped working completely, spares are difficult to source and/or frequent breakdowns are frustrating and disruptive.
24902	This may be cheaper than a road dig, but it’s not always possible or convenient, and levels and heights may mean that it is not possible to cross a highway.
24903	This may be from a clinical setting, as a psychology assistant, a healthcare assistant or a support worker, and would give experience of working with people with psychological needs.
24904	This may be in line with inflation; may be a fixed increase; or there may be no increases.
24905	This may be used as a foundation for further studies.
24906	This may mean that the company can access a wider range of information.
24907	This may seem like a high figure, but printing has long been an effective marketing tool and is favoured by large corporations because of its cost-effectiveness.
24908	This means big changes for developers who currently rely on payments from leases.
24909	This means carefully planning the meeting and looking into every single detail.
24910	This means ‘home production’ activities such caring for your own children or volunteering to help a charity are not included.
24911	This means it can be continuously improved by incorporating additional functionality and content which is on-going at the moment.
24912	This means less risk to the owners.
24913	This means more money in the bank, more fun on your trip and zero hassle before flying.
24914	This means that during the relevant period if you change your mind or decide for any other reason that you do not want to receive or keep the Goods, you can notify us of your decision to cancel the Contract and receive a refund.
24915	This means that fleets represented 52.0% of all new car registrations in the last 12 months – up from 50.4% a year ago.
24916	This means that if you can only get to a page via another page both should be listed in the URL to follow the path the user will have taken.
24917	This means that no surrounds such as kerbs, tiles, fencing or edgings will be permitted on the grave.
24918	This means that once received they can not later deny knowledge of the accident.
24919	This means that operating more sustainably is not as simple as specifying products and services that are marketed as being green.
24920	This means that plugins are only executed with your permission.
24921	This means that the existing copper connections are re-routed to the new cabinet, and this can add to the time it takes for an all-in-one cabinet to go fully live.
24922	This means that the products are designed for riders, by riders.
24923	This means that they must find out parents wishes about any decision concerning their child, but they always have the final say and can make plans for the child even if the parents don’t agree with them.
24924	This means that throughout its year, Mars's distance from the Sun ranges between around 206 million and 249 million kilometres.
24925	This means that to store, prepare, distribute or sell food on premises in Aldershot and Farnborough you must register with us.
24926	This means that we can pay you benefit from an earlier date than you have claimed from.
24927	This means that with just one SIM card all the directories stored in your mobile phone are also available in your car.
24928	This means that you become their legal and permanent family.
24929	This means that you can expect a full check of your suitability to adopt including a criminal record check.
24930	This means that you will have to pay a 150% Council Tax charge.
24931	This means the animals are at especially high risk of developing respiratory problems such as brachycephalic obstructive airway syndrome (BOAS).
24932	This means there is no immediate need to review your heating - just a change in what’s available to you if you do look to undertake refurbishment and replacement projects in the future.
24933	This means they have to refer customers to the ombudsman service if the complaint is not resolved.
24934	This means we get free betting tips and bet predictions from those in the know – and we’re happy to share it all with you.
24935	This means well organised, funded and complete public records in The National Archives and every other institution that oversees the keep-sakes of our collective journey.
24936	This means you can enjoy clear shots even when zooming in – and the two combine to allow you to create stunning depth of field effects, like blurring out the background while keeping your subject crystal clear.
24937	This means you continue to contribute 1% of qualifying earnings.
24938	This means you're over, or about to go over your overdraft limit.
24939	This means your interest rate would only increase within the first year because of general repricing.
24940	This meant children were directly opposite adult post-operation patients, other than a drawn curtain.
24941	This memorial, listed today at Grade II, commemorates by name not only the 17 local men who died in the First World War but also all those who served.
24942	This message is posted here using XRumer + XEvil 4.0 XEvil 4.0 is a revolutionary application that can bypass almost any anti-botnet protection.
24943	This method of metering has been designed especially for business premises, and operates through a connection on the phone line that automatically sends the reading to your supplier.
24944	This might have been a small group of 11 people, but the impact and the lasting memories of those left behind leaves a powerful message.
24945	This might not have passed on to the builder though, as Thomas Chant died just a few years after the houses were completed, in 1894.
24946	This mighty iron foundry once formed the cutting edge of technology and was one of the biggest ironworks in the world.
24947	This misses out what is unique about class in capitalism.
24948	This misuse of client money continued for around a year and, by the time the SRA intervened, the partners had accumulated a shortfall in excess of £1 million.
24949	This model or the cheaper and less well equipped Ideal would have been more typical of the quality clubmens machines of the day, while the New Club model filled the niche for the less well-off rider.
24950	This model was never released because its high centre of gravity made it prone to falling off the track.
24951	This modern, one bedroom property is conveniently located just off Beverley Road and offers double glazed and centrally heated accommodation.
24952	This module is designed to focus on the strategic and operational aspects of marketing management.
24953	This module is designed to provide you with the opportunity to practise disseminating your work.
24954	This module will assist you in the conception, development, documentation, delivery and reporting of your independent research.
24955	This module will provide staff with important knowledge on how to keep children safe.
24956	This money can then be used to fund other criminal activity.
24957	This money has been used for group outings for the kinship carers and their families.
24958	This money is to expand malaria prevention activities in the communities most affected by the disease, benefiting particularly children under five and pregnant women.
24959	This month he celebrates not only his ultimate foray into household name designer status with the H&M collaboration, but also his fortieth birthday.
24960	"This month's findings reflect seasonal expectations and show the market is slowing in the final quarter" says Cox.
24961	This month’s session concentrates on superimposed drawings.
24962	This morning enjoy a city tour of Jakarta visiting the National Monument, a 433ft tower in the centre of Jakarta.
24963	This move is part of a wider transformation of basic co-worker conditions as IKEA looks to ensure that co-workers have the right level of pay, the right contract and an appropriate schedule.
24964	This move works your middle and lower back, so it’s perfect if you plan on going backless all summer long.
24965	This movie is now under control of Two Brothers Productions.
24966	This much improved three bedroom detached family home is quietly located within walking distance of Saffron Walden's town centre and amenities.
24967	This must be part of the building, not in the open air or under a marquee.
24968	This must be taken into account.
24969	This narrow approach means that much even within the British Isles is excluded.
24970	This nautical slot will bring you treasures galore, so grab your telescope and keep your eyes peeled for prizes!
24971	This new collection is fully illustrated throughout by Oscar-winning artist, Alan Lee, who provides a wealth of pencil drawings to bring the stories to life as he did so memorably for The Hobbit and The Children of Húrin.
24972	This new drug had the advantage that it could be administered in more accurate doses.
24973	This new law comes in two parts.
24974	This new metric encourages you to “” to your Google My Business page if your account is being outperformed by your competition or to “” if you are already gaining more views than your competition.
24975	This new opportunity involves delivering race cards and other material in the morning and supporting the on-course betting team in the afternoon at Ascot Racecourse race meetings.
24976	This New Season style is crafted from premium smooth leather with gold tone hardware.
24977	This new series takes a look at Borough Market through Thomas More’s ‘utopian’ lens.
24978	This news only confused fans further, knowing son Ian is around 49 years of age.
24979	This new website will make it easier for people to make the most of the countryside and can help build stronger local economies and businesses.
24980	This non-slip rubber Lean Tidy will help you to organise your pens while providing a useful stand for a mobile while you work.
24981	This normally needs to be done through your local rating authority.
24982	This Note provides background information on the Defence Reform Bill, which is due to have its second reading in the House of Lords on 10 December 2013.
24983	This Nottingham Forest Football Book celebrates the rich history of the club.
24984	This number is 132 companies higher than the previous year.
24985	This nut bar delivers similar quality to the leading brands.
24986	This nut collection would not be complete without the best-selling Manon Cafe; a supreme chocolate praline with coffee butter and a whole hazelnut.
24987	This October, Hello Lamp Post is waking up for the first time in London at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park and its surrounding areas.
24988	This of course leads to an increased likelihood of debt or arrears for the tenant.
24989	This offer applies to each room for stays of 8 days or more and is applicable once.
24990	This offer is not allowed in conjunction with single savers.
24991	This offer is time limited so please act fast.
24992	This offers a lot of convenience but one further, realistic option could be the ability to redirect deliveries when on route.
24993	This Older People’s Day, we are asking people to check their elderly friends and family tumble dryers if they haven’t already done so.
24994	This one-pot dinner is totally delish!
24995	This online ‘Asbestos Awareness’ course will build awareness and develop knowledge of the hazards and risks posed by asbestos containing materials (ACM’s) within their everyday working environment.
24996	This online bookkeeping software is available from your local TaxAssist Accountant.
24997	This online group is for information managers in local government to share learning, opinion and preparations.
24998	This only happens in the Southern counties, where the milder weather allows for an autumn mating season.
24999	This opportunity has been provided in partnership with Creative Scotland's Youth Music Initiative Fund.
25000	"This opportunity will see the further extension of our close working relationships with Knowsley Council and Sigma Capital Group to bring the community quality new homes that are accessible to all.
25001	This option is ideal for the business user who wishes to change their car between 24 and 48 months and want the security of a Guaranteed Minimum Future Value.
25002	This oriental cologne features notes of rose, musk and cinnamon, making it simply enticing.
25003	This outcome was consistent across all age groups, for both the pilot and main trial.
25004	This outstanding result offers tangible benefits to the rider: derailing speed and precision of a par with double drivetrains, and perfect hip-knee-foot alignment for maximum pedalling efficiency and maximum joint protection.
25005	This pack contains a slim applicator with 5g of soothing cream to effectively treat the infection.
25006	This page also includes useful information for current students who are in receipt of Research Council funding.
25007	This page constitutes the terms and conditions on which we supply any of the services described on our website to you.
25008	This page contains guidance about assessment and designation.
25009	This page contains the questions we are asked most frequently.
25010	This page displays sold house prices for Abingdon Road in Doncaster.
25011	This page displays sold house prices for Birkdale in Norwich.
25012	This page displays sold house prices for Bramdean Close in Swindon.
25013	This page displays sold house prices for Broxton Drive in Plymouth.
25014	This page displays sold house prices for Bruddel Grove in Swindon.
25015	This page displays sold house prices for Cannocks Lane in Coventry.
25016	This page displays sold house prices for Elmwood Terrace in Harrogate.
25017	This page displays sold house prices for Gipsy Lane in Coventry.
25018	This page displays sold house prices for Greystone in Huddersfield.
25019	This page displays sold house prices for Oderin Drive in Grimsby.
25020	This page is aimed at professionals working with children and families.
25021	This page outlines the Scottish Independent Advocacy Alliance membership to a range of different Cross Party Groups held at the Scottish Parliament.
25022	This page provides links to the research and evidence that underpins the council’s policy work in housing.
25023	This page shows businesses on Darlington Street.
25024	This page shows businesses on Dolphin Road.
25025	This page shows businesses on Easter Cringate.
25026	This page shows businesses on Rowdale Road.
25027	This page shows businesses on Rowington Road.
25028	This page shows businesses on Southey Street.
25029	This page shows businesses on Westley Road.
25030	This page was last modified on 1 December 2012, at 20:30.
25031	This page was last updated on 28 May 2015.
25032	This page will display information about Social Enterprise UK in the West Midlands.
25033	This paper introduces students to some central themes in the historical geography of the modern world.
25034	This paper will outline our findings, and position on FDI, before putting forward our new framework proposal to government, which we believe will ultimately ensure that the UK is a net benefactor from FDI.
25035	“This partnership between Barking and Dagenham and Participatory City has the potential to create new ideas and insights for community action in other parts of the UK, and we look forward to seeing how these neighbourhood-led projects develop.”
25036	This PDF document accomopanies the BME parenting course.
25037	This perception, and the influence and advantage it provides for the UK, would be lost if we fail to capitalise on this and other nations take the lead.
25038	“This period of settlement is now complete on the west embankment and the road construction will be commencing shortly.
25039	This petition calls for the UK Government to fully fund a pay rise.
25040	This plan assists with the everyday costs of looking after their health and well being, by giving them cash towards a wide range of health related costs.
25041	This Plan will continue to reflect and deliver the Council's vision of delivering great value, customer-focused and sustainable services.
25042	This platform is going to be a success.
25043	This playground marking design, is a fun way to introduce early years children to the letters A-Z.
25044	“This pod is for two people so it is maybe aimed at couples who want a romantic getaway with a difference.”
25045	This point was noted by Mr Rudd.
25046	This policy applies to all employees including consultants, temporary workers, agency staff, secondees and other third parties working on HS2 Ltd premises on or behalf of HS2 Ltd.
25047	This policy sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
25048	This Policy was last updated on 11 May 2018.
25049	This position is a variation from Carlsen-Wojtaszek, Vugar Gashimov Memorial, Shamkir 2018.
25050	This position is a variation from today’s game Aronian-Kramnik, Berlin 2018.
25051	This positive support builds on the productive debate in Plenary at the Welsh Assembly last year, where a motion was passed calling for a new paediatric rheumatology service to be established.
25052	This power allows officers to stop and search pedestrians and vehicles and search anything carried by a pedestrian, any vehicle, anything carried by a driver or passenger or anything on or in a vehicle.
25053	This powerful, 8.4 V battery from Ansmann is rechargeable.
25054	This practical guide shows you how Kubernetes and container technology can help you achieve new levels of velocity, agility, reliability, and efficiency.
25055	This premises would not add to late night problems.
25056	This prestigious annual award recognises and celebrates achievements and accomplishments of one inspiring individual and their outstanding contribution to Scotland&Apos;s mountains, in the fields of sport, theatre, art, photography, film and literature.
25057	This prestigious annual award recognises the achievements of a newly registered Incorporated Engineer …
25058	This prestigious day time fun Event is on Friday 2nd December between 10.30 and 15.45 at the St Johns Hotel Solihull and over 300 tickest have already been sold!
25059	This prevents cheques being cashed or paid in to the accounts of third parties.
25060	This prevents me from getting a job but it does not prevent me from making an impact in the world and I am very proud of some of the things I have achieved.
25061	This prevents your room from being too cold in winter and too hot in summer.
25062	This principle forms the basis of the Monte Carlo technique.
25063	This privacy notice is reviewed annually.
25064	This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which IMAGE Skincare collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.imageskincare.com website ("Site").
25065	This privacy statement applies solely to the information collected by this web site.
25066	This procedure applies where a person who has received a decision listed in the Schedules to this procedure wishes a review of the decision to be undertaken.
25067	This procedure may also require a local anaesthetic.
25068	This process can become very complicated because marriage rules vary greatly from country to country.
25069	This process should also be documented, because we will all have personal data that we no longer need.
25070	This programme has been designed for you to help you reduce your weight safely and effectively, using a combination of VLCD (very low calorie diet) nutritious and tasty mealpacks and food, with a choice of programmes to suit you and your lifestyle.
25071	This programme provides students with a research-orientated training in the application of molecular and cell biology to develop an understanding of chemical toxicity at the cellular and molecular level.
25072	This project lends a critical ear to the first major planning movement of the twentieth century, one that can be traced back to Ebenezer Howard’s Garden Cities of To-Morrow, first published in 1898 under the title A Peaceful Path to Real Reform.
25073	This Project Management Distance Learning Course provides the latest knowledge and practical skills needed to succeed as a project manager across the broad spectrum of industries requiring such professional figures.
25074	“This project will help the force understand public confidence at a more local level and the factors that affect it.
25075	This promise has already been compromised by attempts to toll the A14 in Cambridgeshire and the vague prospect of tolling roads that have been ‘improved’.
25076	This promotion offers you the opportunity to get one (1) JBL Flip 4 speaker (“Free Gift”) when you buy a Samsung Galaxy S8 or S8+ directly from O2 (the “Offer”).
25077	This prompted Robert Gray to comment that this made the need even more urgent and his colleagues were in agreement.
25078	This property is ideally located for exploring Galway, Connemara, coastal villages, and Loughs Corrib and Maske.
25079	This property is the perfect spot to host your wedding and reception.
25080	This property offers two double bedrooms, a spacious reception room and kitchen which is perfect for entertaining family and friends.
25081	“This proposition will be attractive to a wide range of customers and is not restricted based on minimum income requirements.
25082	This provides an outstanding model system that allows us to genetically manipulate both the host and pathogen, and follow the transit of Cryptococcus through its host in great detail using time lapse fluorescence microscopy.
25083	This provides further detailed guidance regarding the Council's expectations for the site, including the need for a comprehensive masterplan.
25084	This provides information on how organisations can keep deaf and disabled children safe and includes a wide range of practical resources.
25085	“This quarter’s individual insolvency statistics are very curious; it’s an incredibly mixed picture.
25086	This question collects data using a show card which the interviewer reads out before handing it to the respondent to select which categories apply.
25087	This question is recommended when a show card is used in a face to face interview or self-completion survey (both paper and electronic).
25088	This really suited my creative and flamboyant nature, always full of ideas.
25089	This recent data from The Independent confirms what the property industry have thought for a long time, buy-to-let is a profitable, reliable, form of investment.
25090	This recognises the various electronic recording systems used and considers changes that may need to be made to these systems to ensure that appropriate monitoring and recording of duty of candour procedure incidents can be made.
25091	This reduces engine wear at temperature extremes.
25092	This reflects national and international research regarding women academics’ relative…
25093	This reform is designed to simplify the existing statutory arrangements already in place and allow employers to design apprenticeship standards for their own sectors.
25094	This register of interests was published on Tuesday, 23rd May, 2017, 12.48 pm.
25095	This relative newcomer to the classifieds area of the market has proven itself popular thanks to its innovative pay per lead-based model, meaning if dealers aren’t getting leads, they’re not paying.
25096	This relay scheme will be evaluated post event for potential future inclusion.
25097	This release presents provisional information about the reliability of journeys on the startegic road network.
25098	This release reports a number of local level indicators mainly based upon the NHS Outcomes Framework.
25099	This remains as important today.
25100	This Renaissance period also saw much patronage of the arts and education, including the granting of a charter to the Royal College of Surgeons () in 1506, and the establishment of Scotland's first printing press in 1508.
25101	This renowned brand has an exquisite portfolio of bridal jewellery and accessories in a wide range of styles, but all timelessly beautiful.
25102	This report demonstrates our commitment to community, both in terms of providing much needed new homes, and in preserving the stadium for the club.”
25103	This report seeks to address the arrangements for the delivery of street lighting maintenance in the borough going forward.
25104	This report sets out the findings of an extensive survey conducted by UUK, with support from HEFCE, into universities' uptake of and views on degree apprenticeships – their benefits, challenges, and what needs to be done to ensure their future success.
25105	This report sets out the partnership agreement between the Council and the Department for Work and Pensions to deliver Universal Credit services from September 2015.
25106	This report updates members on the committee’s work programme for 2016/17 and captures scrutiny activity which has taken place outside of its meetings.
25107	This represents an average of £5.1 million per university, with some spending as much as £11 million.
25108	This represents an increase in width of 2.5m.
25109	This represents a third of the total investment the country has made for improving transport infrastructure, telecommunications and tourism conditions for the World Cup.
25110	This represents the stage at which mood is supplemented by action, whether isolated or sustained.
25111	This required them to meet a number of criteria, including having a low rate of student visa refusals and a high rate of course completion.
25112	This requires a concerted growth in existing revenue streams and entrepreneurial ideas for new income streams.
25113	This Research Highlight presents the results from the report which relate to the analysis of data on children’s media use and critical understanding.
25114	This research project will be broken up into three separate but linked inquiries, each culminating in a published report.
25115	This residue pump will reduce clear water levels to within 1mm of floor level.
25116	This resource helps to assess services’ and their delivery organisations’ ability to achieve outcomes while identifying areas for development, adaptation and refinement.
25117	This resulted from the Certificate of Secondary Education (CSE) qualifications of the 1960s and 1970s and continued into the General Certificate of Secondary Education )GCSE) qualifications that were introduced in 1986.
25118	This resulted in bleeding at the decidual-placental interface, fetal growth retardation and subsequent demise.
25119	This retention helps profitability as recruitment costs are very low, and their own expertise encourages new clients.
25120	This revealed that 4,478 children (0.46%) were exposed to AEDs before birth.
25121	This right is limited to the buyer and may not be assigned.
25122	This robust tool is the perfect hub from which to expand your portfolio of advisory services.
25123	This role should be separate from the executive safeguarding lead for children.
25124	This role would suit candidates who enjoy liaising cross functionality, have strong organisational skills and are meticulous and detail focused.
25125	This roll for the Darling Downs Division of Queensland in 1939 has 928 pages.
25126	This rolling programme will enable evidence-based commissioning and highlight gaps and areas for future work.
25127	This rookie mistake shows that you have no idea how to address a cover letter.
25128	This room has its own en-suite shower facilities with toiletries.
25129	This room is up for rent.
25130	This room provides access through to bedroom three.
25131	This room’s balanced because the three pendants over the are on a single plane, and the one pendant over the sink is on another plane all together.
25132	This route uses Route 1 of the National Cycle Network on the Shetland Islands taking you on a fabulous tour of these beautiful islands.
25133	This rule does not apply to the park owner or their manager/managers.
25134	This running bra offers a medium support, tight fit and is a functional essential for every runner’s wardrobe, featuring both protection and stylish details.
25135	This Russell Athletic jumper will lend a classic update to your seasonal sports line.
25136	This safeguard does not apply where the situation is an emergency (see clauses 62 and 63).
25137	This Safer Neighbourhood area covers West Hallam, Stanley Common, Dale Abbey, Morley, Breadsall, Stanley Village and Little Eaton.
25138	This Samsung model gives you 532 litres of storage space.
25139	This saves you from re-entering information on return to the website and makes the experience smoother.
25140	This scan takes a while, but a handy percentage indicator shows progress as it runs.
25141	This seal guarantees that your packaging has not been previously opened.
25142	This season, a bare back is still very much in style.
25143	This Section applies where the privacy notice appears on the website of a registered Conservative Association.
25144	This section explains the most common issues, details the available treatment options, and offers useful advice on how best to manage bladder and bowel functions.
25145	This section of the Lewisham Wiki website takes a look Conscientious Objectors in the borough including four Seventh-day Adventists.
25146	This section of the Wales Coast Path is mostly on the trackbed of the Bangor to Caernarfon railway (closed to passengers in 1970), follows the Menai Strait and affords good views to Anglesey.
25147	This sector primarily comprises the range of Agaricus bisporus products but also includes the much smaller level of production of various exotic species.
25148	This seeks to encourage newspapers to sign up to a recognised regulator by offering a level of protection against vexatious litigation, while also making redress more accessible for people without deep pockets who have been wronged by the Press.
25149	This seemed a great starting point for the themes we were interested in studying!
25150	This seems to be because this tour gets mostly local folks or those who have looked for tours on Daily Info.
25151	This self assessment provides a quick, basic assessment of your export capabilities.
25152	This semi detached bungalow is located close to a local grocery and post office and benefits from off street (.
25153	This semi-detached three bedroom property is situated on a large corner plot.
25154	This seminar is aimed at local authority staff who lead on Health & Wellbeing partnerships, community safety and resilience.
25155	This served as the basis for the development of new ways to facilitate rapid online tagging with user-defined sets of tags.
25156	This service was developed with external agencies, with funding from Comic Relief and Big Lottery.
25157	This session will outline the key considerations of diversification, including the basic rules regarding charity trading, when to use a trading subsidiary and the direct tax exemptions available.
25158	This set contains 5 ToBee Figures included to help you process and refine crude substances.
25159	This setup has its downsides, the main one being that alternatives such as the Polo and Fiesta are much more fun to drive.
25160	This shocking marker of global inequality puts improving maternal health and reducing maternal mortality high on global policy agendas.
25161	This short circular walk starts in the centre of the village, near the Castle Inn and church.
25162	This short film tells the tale of a classy Mrs Claus pulling out all the stops to help a young boy repair his relationship with his sister, by delivering a new pair of trainers for his sister (to replace the old ones he had the dog chew up).
25163	This short guide summarises our conclusions from the research and from our collaborations with employers, highlighting the five key factors that contribute to a healthy workplace with the minimum levels of stress.
25164	This short list of ideas will help you to express yourself in a way that is more likely to lead to understanding.
25165	This shot shows the infil of the cutting just beyond the bridge where the profile of the land has been restored since closure.
25166	This should be advertised with a new position from the start.
25167	This should be a relatively painless process, but if it isn’t you may want to re-evaluate your payroll software and opt for a more efficient and hassle-free one.
25168	This should be a worry for manufacturers who have not diversified their audio range into other areas.”
25169	This should connect with the relevant areas of the Standards and other influencing factors within your own context.
25170	This should include many points including but not limited to protecting your assets (including your IP), migration of services, and confidentiality.
25171	This should include the right to bring legal proceedings to challenge deprivation of liberty decisions, and the right to advocacy.
25172	This should let you make basic changes, like pictures or blog posts, without waiting on a programmer to do it and without receiving an invoice.
25173	This should serve as a stark reminder that we need to move away from any perception that bullying is harmless and part of normal growing up.
25174	This site has been designed to be Accessible for people with any degree of visual or motor impairment and users of screen readers.
25175	This site is not associated with the Blue Badge Improvement Service.
25176	This site is open to all Cambridge UK residents who want to speak out about what has happened to them.
25177	This site is remarkable for its mosaics and early Christian iconography, uncovered by Colonel Meates from the late 1940s to the early 1960s.
25178	This site provides information relating to recent or forthcoming research, exhibitions, or other projects connected with the historic sites and buildings of Scotland.
25179	This site uses Google Analytics to track user interactions with the site, allowing us to monitor and improve our website’s functionality, and display relevant advertising for users across ad platforms.
25180	This skills-share initiative will give our employees valuable experience while helping the athletes to reach their considerable potential, on and off the playing field.”
25181	This slip-resistant netting is particularly useful when used under rugs and mats on a smooth surface to reduce the chances of slipping or sliding.
25182	This smacks of ideology and would be an enormous waste.
25183	This sofa is perfect for laid back, easy living.
25184	This sombre prospect is in stark contrast with the initial optimism from EDM which believed that the breakdown could be repaired in 45 days.
25185	This sounding board held its first meeting on 5 March 2013.
25186	This space is particularly versatile, large enough to accommodate formal dining or additional sitting room, benefitting from a dual aspect with secondary door leading out into the rear garden.
25187	This spacious holiday home with its pastel tones feels modern and homely.
25188	This spacious one bedroom apartment boasts a good sized reception, fitted kitchen & bathroom and double bedroom.
25189	This spacious property is immaculate throughout and neutral decor throughout.
25190	This sparked my interest in a career in beauty.
25191	This special double issue, in association with Arjowiggins Creative Papers, is our showcase of the outstanding projects of the year.
25192	This specially designed dog feeding bowl will help stop your pet from eating or drinking to quickly.
25193	This sponsorship package also provides your company details on the official Bolton Wanderers website, including a click through to your own personal or company website.
25194	This spring, take a well-deserved post-Christmas break at one of our idyllic UK parks.
25195	This started by him proactively contacting me for the very start, with the opportunity advertised by Bower.
25196	This station offers a virtual front counter service, available between 10am and 6pm (Monday to Friday).
25197	This stops users from reviewing each other positively only because they fear being penalised for a negative review (by receiving a negative review themselves).
25198	This strategic overview will show why key players of the Andean region matter; such as Ecuador, considering as an exceptional and diverse country with exciting and innovative business opportunities.
25199	This strip of land separates the Mediterranean Sea from the Mar Menor or ‘small sea’ - in fact, its Europe’s largest lagoon.
25200	This study investigated the prevalence and familial aggregation of endometriosis in one of those species, the rhesus macaque.
25201	This stunning 32-acre park with valleys, woodland and some of the world’s rarest animals is perfect for the whole family.
25202	This successful boutique training company specialises in the financial services sector.
25203	This suggests that buy to let investors and potential home owners have turned their attention to other areas of the country for opportunities to take advantage of fast-appreciating property assets.
25204	This Sunday at the Newfound Recreational Ground, with gates opening at 5pm.
25205	This support may include a Lloyds Banking Group Charity Mentor and/ or consultancy support in areas such as strategic planning and marketing.
25206	This surged by half to £18.5 billion in 2017 and had been expected to hit nearly £24 billion in 2018.
25207	This system monitors actual road conditions showing road and air temperature, wind speed and "dew point" and the amount of salt on the road surface.
25208	This takes the number of part time workers in the UK to 7.99 million - the highest figures since comparable records began in 1992 - fuelling concerns that many Britons are resorting to shorter hours because they are unable to find full time employment.
25209	This tariff isn't available if you have a Pay As You Go meter.
25210	This technique is especially effective during rain, although probably not an exercise you'd care to repeat too often!
25211	This technology is enabling independence and giving carers peace of mind.
25212	This technology, known as Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT), can be used to image to a depth of three millimetres beneath the skin.
25213	This term's seminars focus on madness and psychotic experience (1-4) although we shall end by looking at two (of the more psychotic) phenomena of everyday life - dreams and transference (5-6).
25214	This term the Addison Society was treated to a delightful evening with the journalist, writer and Queen’s Old Member Anna Minton.
25215	This testimonial was originally posted on Kelly’s blog (www.wholeandheartey.com) and has been reproduced with her permission.
25216	This tests works by examining blood or urine samples and can provide a result in 15 minutes.
25217	This Theratron model B cobalt 60 moving beam radiotherapy machine was the first of its type to be installed in Europe.
25218	This ties in with Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR).
25219	This time it was a doddle, apart from the internet/phone.
25220	This timeless piece has a classic design and could be worn during the day or evening.
25221	Thistle had enjoyed five seasons in the top flight and were desperate to remain there.
25222	This, together with our successful appointment to the £750m SCAPE national minor works framework as sole contractor during September, is expected to translate into growth in revenues over the next few years.
25223	This too may have a significant bug tail.
25224	This top accolade is testament to Paul’s dedication to the craft.
25225	This total is 57.6% higher than in 2010 and compares favourably to the UK figure of a 13.1% growth compared to 400,358 the previous year.
25226	This towering coal-breaker is shown at height.
25227	This town is worth the detour.
25228	This tracker fund aims to match the total return (after charges) of the FTSE 100 Index.
25229	This traditional wedding hairstyle really came into fashion when Kate Middleton opted to style her famously glossy brown locks this way for her wedding to Prince William in 2011.
25230	This trail is a community effort: the local community and the walking community.
25231	This training and assessment programme relates to the installation of standard water connections and the laying of associated apparatus from the property boundary to the first internal water fitting after the meter.
25232	This transparent and holistic approach to reporting the company’s performance and impact resulted in NWG being given the top rating of ‘self-assured’ by water regulator OFWAT earlier this month.
25233	This treatment really does deliver results, treating even fine hairs.
25234	This treatment uses many small beams of radiation to target the tumour.
25235	This tremolo pedal allows the dynamics of your playing to change the speed and depth of the effect.
25236	This trend is now filtering down to FE!
25237	This tucked-away 13th century country pub provides three high quality tasting menus.
25238	This two bedroom first floor flat in the popular Bushwood area is less than half a mile from Leytonstone tube station that has been refurbished throughout and offers a range of amenities nearby from cafes, trendy bars and restaurants and shops.
25239	This two bedroom semi detached bungalow occupying a large corner plot within Plumptre Avenue.
25240	This type of behaviour takes many forms, including physical, sexual, economic and emotional abuse, isolation and the selective destruction of property and pets.
25241	This type of fence is made by nailing vertical wooden boards to a framework and takes longer to put up than a ready-made panel.
25242	This type of resistance training over an entire Group Cycling class (usually between 30-45 minutes) builds muscular endurance which will increase muscular strength.
25243	This type of thing is appreciated by the house owner and can be a big difference between getting your leaflet read or binned.
25244	“This type of user-friendly information is used on the letters we send out to people, which then corresponds to the signs when they arrive, which in turn relates directly to the facilities here.
25245	This UK delivery option is ideal if you do not need to send your item far but you want to make sure that it arrives quickly and safely.
25246	This UN call for Israel to withdraw from Palestine won't work.
25247	This unit builds upon the previous Practice 1 unit and provides an opportunity to sustain the development of practice over a concentrated period of time.
25248	This unit will provide an overview of the bookkeeping system, building on what you already know about business documents from Unit 3 Financial Planning and Monitoring.
25249	This useful collection of information and advice covers field trial and working tests and exercise, breeds and plus help with breeding and or selling your gundog.
25250	This usually leads to users turning the setting up as high as it will go for longer periods of time, resulting in an increase in energy bills as well as poor energy consumption levels.
25251	This usually results in the encampment vacating the site within 48 hours of the notice being served.
25252	This vehicle is presented in Gloss Black with Black Leather Interior.
25253	This version was last updated on 20 May 2018.
25254	This villa is especially good for families with …
25255	This was a calcined mixture of limestone and clay.
25256	This was a gift at Christmas from a daughter, as my first MORPHY1 Richards slow cooker was shaken off my counter by the reverberations of my washing machine.
25257	This was a green light for the fascist organisations in Rome to take to the streets.
25258	This was a horrific act that shocked us all, provoking outrage across the country, and the world.
25259	This was an intriguing question asked by one of my clients the other week.
25260	This was an unusual single-storey building also 'V' shaped and matching the shape of the platform.
25261	This was a population-based using routine health data collected from GP practices in England.
25262	This was as far as the owners got until 'Thomas' came to the rescue.
25263	THIS was a stroll in the park on a one-sided contest for champions-elect Lowestoft.
25264	This was at the forefront of my mind when I brought a delegation of young people to join a meeting of the Independent Advisory Group to curriculum reform.
25265	This was borne out in voting across the borough in last year’s general election where Labour got over 60 per cent of the anti-Tory vote, much more than for the Lib Dems, Greens and UKIP put together.
25266	This was certainly the case when I ventured to make these “garden paintings”.
25267	This was completely blocked for some years until Swansea Ramblers helped the council to re-open it.
25268	This was demonstrated by the fact that - as the transcripts made clear - each minister had been asked to respond, in effect, to the same lines of questioning.
25269	This was far the best part of the day and great value for money.
25270	This was for five trumpets, ten saxes, and four rhythm, and recorded on Decca with the top session men of the day.
25271	This was great for us.
25272	This was higher than anticipated and would require tight control during the latter stages of the development in order to remain in budget.
25273	This was in part due to the number of which impeded the ground floor outlook, which belonged to their neighbours and weren’t likely to be removed.
25274	This was introduced by the Housing (Right to Buy) (Limit on Discount) (England) Order 2013 (SI 2013/677).
25275	This was invaluable, but what was equally powerful was how confident and articulate all students were across the 11-16 age range.
25276	This was my first ever YSL product, and I have to say I'm very impressed.
25277	This was not a Safety System Based Inspection.
25278	This was not the case and during our investigation, it became clear that this information related to deploying unlicensed guards.
25279	This was once known as the 'pigbell';, as it also informed people they could release their animals into the street.
25280	This was one of two gates into the Inner Ward and was protected by a barbican.
25281	This was our ride down the hill.
25282	This was Oxfords first year in a league having until now only held open meeting, their first match against Hastings was not the stuff of dreams -
25283	This was particularly the case for one-person households; these households spent 16% of their total spending on food and non-alcoholic drinks, compared with 12% for one-person households not mainly dependent on a State Pension.
25284	This was quite useful because if Wat had just six sons and daughters (one of them called Wat) and each then had a child and called it after their father then there would have been eight people called Wat.
25285	This was reconfirmed in the recent Budget announcement and will help to fuel growth in the construction industry, which is responsible for approximately 6% of GDP.
25286	This was similar to the Ring 4000 set, but showed signs of fluffing up after being rubbed with a wire brush.
25287	This was supported by a November 2015 decision notice by the ICO.
25288	This was the dream of True Bearing Chairman, George Critchley.
25289	This was the first of 38 episodes, too, his last episode, reynolds,our tips and predictions are made by professional punters and can bring significant gains.
25290	This was the first time that cash payments were ever exceeded by non-cash methods.
25291	This was the ship's first voyage after it's 27m 'stretch' and much refurbishing of public areas.
25292	This was the worst performance for British trade since the referendum, though, as Bachman–Turner Overdrive once told us, you ain’t seen nothing yet.
25293	This was to be short lived as BR wanted a lot of money to maintain the connection, which at the time was not viable for the society.
25294	This was virtually the same in comparison to a year earlier when there were approx.
25295	This water is then used to warm the treatment tanks, helping speed up the bacterial digestion of the waste.
25296	This way it can identify both the issues that a customer would see and issues that search engines might spot.
25297	This way, only files that have changed since the last backup are copied to the media to reduce the time taken to copy data.
25298	This way the children have a really lovely time and don’t feel any pressure to perform.
25299	This way, we can guarantee 100% passion and dedication in every single bottle.
25300	This webinar provided top tips and guidance to frontline staff on how to use the Your Vote Matters resources to run effective democratic engagement activities.
25301	This webinar will be useful to anyone who suffers from stress in the workplace or in education - as well as HR Managers, disability advisers, parents, colleagues, IT teams and Health & Safety and Occupational Health specialists.
25302	This website aims to conform to Level A standard of the W3C's Web Accessibility Initiative's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
25303	This website uses an embedded Google Map to assist our customers in locating us.
25304	This Website uses no cookies, spyware or other tracking devices to collect visitors' details without their knowledge.
25305	This website uses something called cookies.
25306	THIS weekend, I took my daughters along to their school’s annual…
25307	This week Sky reported that weekly On Demand downloads were up 150% in the second quarter of 2012.
25308	This week we’ve been talking about how you can be a superhero, and why there’s no escaping the GDPR (so best to make sure you’re ready).
25309	This well-crafted pale ale presents an elegant, harmonious balance between the spiky hops and the malted barley – so much so that once swallowed your palate is asking for more!
25310	This well-loved fairy tale is beautifully imagined for a new generation by children's illustrator Dan Taylor.
25311	This we offered a choice of two exciting ultimate adrenaline rushes to push your body to its limits!
25312	This will allow us to further build on the foundations laid through the Community Alcohol Partnership."
25313	This will also be done by providing the information needed to help with neighbourhood nuisance and environmental ASB such as noisy neighbours and dog fouling on the Community Safety Partnership's website.
25314	This will become an overpayment once the change is actually made.
25315	This will be followed up in writing.
25316	This will be of particular relevance for those interested in social justice and situating people in relation to the wider social worlds they live in.
25317	This will be really upsetting for the children, too.
25318	“This will be unique, the most modern family splash centre we have.
25319	This will be your base for the next 2 days with plenty of time to explore the villages, observe the local craft of tile making, visit the markets and even join in cooking a meal or two.
25320	This will delay the registration process.
25321	This will depend on how many of your arteries need to be treated.
25322	This will ensure young and adult carers receive information and support which is tailored to their individual needs.
25323	This will give your guests plenty of choice and make sure you do this for price options too.
25324	This will have a knock on effect for the livestock industry which represents our largest customer base", he said.
25325	This will help the Dog Warden's investigation.
25326	This will help the team know if they need to increase or decrease their bids to ensure that they hit their campaign target.
25327	This will impact on every public servant, irrespective of rank or status.
25328	This will include building on vital work to protect the most vulnerable, and setting standards for responsible and safe gambling.
25329	This will include not only the science underlying the subject, but also related issues such as the ethics and regulatory infrastructure and commercialisation of regenerative medicine.
25330	This will include providing technical guidance, completing code reviews and driving continual process improvement.
25331	This will increase the demand, helping to maintain a good rental value and minimise void periods.
25332	This will make it easier for people to withdraw their consent at any time.
25333	This will only be done from the date you applied for a meter.
25334	This will particularly be the case for smaller operators who may hold high percentages of ‘non-standard’ investments.
25335	This will ultimately damage public trust and the trust of the sector in its regulator.
25336	This windmill is a red brick, six storey tarred tower with a marked batter and conical roof, and was built in 1794.
25337	This wonderful 3 bedroom Flat situated in Peckham, SE15 is available.
25338	This wonderfully ornate and atmospheric Victorian market near Liverpool Street is worth a visit anyway but it will be especially interesting to Potter buffs who will recognise it as Diagon Alley.
25339	This wording, “capable of so applying”, amounts to some sort of blanket application of duties from one to the other since it is difficult to conceive of a situation where the duty would be incapable of applying.
25340	This worked out well.
25341	This work is currently on show in Beauty & Balance…
25342	This work is expected to complete in summer 2018, which is also when the bus station is due to reopen.
25343	This workshop is for any full-time Christian Worker preparing for retirement and the challenge of growing older.
25344	This works while roaming, but exact support will depend on whatever that country’s catalogue of shows and rights are.
25345	This work was funded by the MRC, ERC, Lister Institute for Preventive Medicine, EMBO Young Investigator Programme, a Marie Curie Fellowship from the European Commission, Wellcome Trust, Wellchild and UBC.
25346	This work will be completed before Christmas 2013.
25347	This would add, for example, €0.10 to the cost of a loaf in Ireland, which is mainly supplied with flour from the UK.
25348	This would allow American firms to claim that their products are, for example “Highland Whisky” even if it is made in Nebraska.
25349	This would apply for example to Directors with Occupational Schemes with long service with their employer, or high earners with Retirement Annuities who may also have existing contribution limits which exceed those post A-Day.
25350	This would be at the consultancy stage and is a step that should never be missed.
25351	This would be satisfied by both the Council Tax options presented.
25352	This would be used to compensate the ETF if the swap provider were to run into financial difficulties.
25353	This would ensure provision was available to cater for the needs of pupils within both the Ebbw Fawr and Ebbw Fach valleys and the re-designated resource base would minimise any upheaval to existing pupils.
25354	This would equate to a little under £1 a week.
25355	This would have added well over £100,000 to the cost of the project.
25356	This would lead to lower training levels and would have a detrimental impact on all levels of the supply chain.
25357	This would make the walkway safe and clean.
25358	This would probably give us a good volume additional protein on on that day.
25359	This would provide an opportunity to allow the commissioning of specialist research which was vital to the emerging strategic planning powers and the more immediate Local Plan preparation of a number of LCR partners.
25360	This would require the landlord to pay damages of up to 6 months' rent (the Tribunal decides the amount).
25361	This year, although it’s a slightly shorter festival, we were also keen to include a couple of isles trips as we know those have been appreciated in the past, so I’m glad to say there are days on both Westray and Hoy.
25362	This year, computer-generated imagery replaced video clips in the hazard-perception test.
25363	This year during Biology Week, students had the opportunity to attend ‘Dissection Club’, a Biology debate and the ‘VIVIT Experience’, which involved an autopsy using a semi –synthetic cadaver.
25364	This year Eleanor has been CUWLC co-captain.
25365	“This year I’ve learned not to freak out when I see other people go like that because it’s what they’re going to do,” she added.
25366	This year marks the 30th anniversary of the Johann Strauss Orchestra – the world’s biggest private orchestra.
25367	This year sees tented rooms in rooms, layered with architectural trinkets and peek-a-boo windows, and a furniture room poised for refreshing us on Italian design classics.
25368	"This year’s framework is a pilot and we look forward to the review in 2019 which we hope will lead to improvements in the quality of information that TEF provides, and greater clarity about how this information will be used.”
25369	This year’s judging panel had a very strong selection of nominations to consider, but unanimously decided on James Pirrie as the recipient.
25370	This year, the Pilgrims Hospice saw record breaking registrations and funds raised, with an estimated figure of around £18,000.
25371	This year the prize for the best box will be chosen by you!
25372	This year, the winners - five members of the Grass Roots team – were treated with a trip to Chicago, the birth place of Levy Restaurants, Lime Venue Portfolio’s parent company and catering partner throughout its unusual venue portfolio.
25373	This year we decided to visit Kensington Gardens as it is a great location for our children’s portrait photography session, and we met bright and early while the park was still empty except for runners, dog walkers and us.
25374	This year we had our 10 Year anniversary report, where we named our 10 ambassadors from various trades, for firms who have committed to raising industry standards and represent shining stars in today’s trade.
25375	This year we had the added bonus of a live demonstration of how to ice traditional continental gingerbreads, with visitors invited to have a go.
25376	This year we’re going for the Triple Dip!
25377	This year will also see the launch of her new summer school - Mirror Mirror Drama – to be run in collaboration with script writer Allie Packer.
25378	This year, with volunteer numbers staying up, the total had reduced to just 3.8 tonnes, demonstrating that the town is becoming much cleaner.
25379	This zest grater features fine blades, ideal for fine grating for sauces and mixes, and also features a silicone base for secure grip on kitchen surfaces.
25380	Thomas Carroll is the artistic director and conductor for the Orpheus Sinfonia, and is an internationally known artist.
25381	Thomas Eugene Turner, 25, of 73 Larne Road, Lincoln, pleaded guilty to driving with 6.8 micrograms of Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol per litre of blood.
25382	Thomas Newcomen developed the principles of Savery and Papin into the Beam Engine, in which a large wooden beam rocked up and down upon a central fulcrum.
25383	Thomas Sigi, Board of Management Member for Human Resources at AUDI AG, stated, “We intend to strengthen our core competencies with 1,200 additional experts in Germany alone.”
25384	Thom Evans completes the Now Man Test AND shows off his chest hair!
25385	Thompson was a regular in the side last season until the final four games, when Jimmy Abdou was preferred alongside Williams.
25386	Thorman is currently of no fixed abode, having lived in Caernarfon.
25387	Thornycroft had been right to make it clear that the memorial could not be completed quickly.
25388	Those companies that collect their own garbage will be asked to pay 20,000 meticais a month for use of the municipal landfill.
25389	Those countries have offered places, taking the UN well on its way towards its target.
25390	Those days are in the distant past; while it’s definitely not as popular yet amongst…
25391	Those easements are referred to as “legal easements” because they have been expressly granted.
25392	Those expressing an interest must have adequate insurance cover as detailed below or confirm that this will be in place prior to any contract being agreed.
25393	Those fans that do remember me from my time there should know that I’m a lot better now.”
25394	Those found in Much Park Street and Little Park Street may well date from the middle of the 14th century when building plots were leased to merchants and others on part of Cheylesmore Park.
25395	Those in the ceiling have the nearest approach to this ; and when the wind blows in certain directions, the outer air bricks, or the chimneys in the roof, permit too strong a current of air, and thus defeat the object of those who-placed them there.
25396	Those in the front line are the academic colleagues whose work was submitted, but many more supported the submission through their contribution to impact cases, to PhD supervision and to the research environment.
25397	Those looking to attend are encouraged to arrive early as entry is first come first served.
25398	Those lucky new boots of Penny then got in on the act as she lobbed the keeper to make it 6-0.
25399	Those particular earrings took their lead from Chinese architecture, while Brazil, Scandinavia and Sicily are other destinations that have given Cassandra the spark she looks for to get the creative process going.
25400	Those practitioners who have recently moved role or stepped up into a bigger role are on our Ones to Watch list.
25401	Those rascals over at caught wind of the event and have even set up a for it.
25402	Those studies all found that retail donations are not increased if the charity highlights that it had high ratings from an independent evaluator (the study used Charity Navigator scores) and may be decreased.
25403	Those that adapt and embrace the new curriculum will succeed.
25404	Those that applied after the closing date as a late application have also now been sent offers.
25405	Those that didn’t play last week (notably Martyn Waghorn, Joe Garner and Cole Skuse) should be better for it.”
25406	Those that use their cards for just about everything instead of using cash or checks will want to look for credit card protection.
25407	Those two factors – how people search, and how firms offer jobs – are some of the major determinants of unemployment levels in a society.
25408	Those using these buses should check with their operators for any changes ahead of their journey.
25409	Those who discover malt whisky quickly learn that the malts made on the Isle of Islay are some of the wildest and most characterful in the malt-whisky spectrum.
25410	Those who do not have the necessary funding for their startup do not necessarily have to sell all their shares to make money.
25411	Those who have survived its attacks describe bear-like claws on a towering, wolf-like beast.
25412	Those who ignored the zone or orders to move out of the area were arrested and subsequently fined by magistrates.
25413	Those who keep cats may find that they are more of a homely individual and enjoy many of life’s simple luxuries, such as a warm bed, a good meal and a relaxing atmosphere.
25414	Those who saw the first film - which became a smash hit in 2016 - will remember it for its intelligent, fourth-wall breaking humour and refusal to take the genre seriously.
25415	Those words are great to hear and show that the scheme is making a great start, but there is still a lot of work to do.
25416	Though I read it a long time back,the story is still fresh with all the little details.
25417	Though not one of the most well-known venues, Matchbox Shoreditch is popular with locals.
25418	Though still operating in the terrain of democratic class politics, the state was accumulating more repressive power—a form of government he called “Authoritarian Statism”.
25419	Though the sisters demonstrate their awareness of contemporary styles of playing traditional material, they put their own stamp on everything they do, even if there's a feeling that they're not yet fully pushing the envelope: give 'em time!
25420	Though wine is the national tipple in France, the locals are increasingly getting into beer and the city now has its own microbrewery, Biere de la Plaine (16 rue Saint-Pierre).
25421	Though you are never more than half a mile from the built up area of Barry, there are times on this walks when you would never think so.
25422	Though you probably cannot see them, there is a walker in blue at the bottom, and two walkers in red at the top.
25423	Thread the roots gently through the holes in the sides, taking care not to break them, so they can start to grow around the basket by themselves.
25424	Threats might be a downturn in the economy or a new competitor.
25425	Three bedrooms (one double with 5' bed, one double with 6' bed which can also be a twin on request, one twin with sloping ceiling into eaves), bathroom with mixer tap attachment, shower room with lavatory.
25426	Three collection points will be available later this week.
25427	Three couples are getting married at Worcestershire Registration Offices, three at Partner Registration Offices and nine ceremonies in approved premises around the county.
25428	Three-dimensional structure of cell adhesion molecules.
25429	Three-dimensional waveguide arrays and waveguide-Bragg gratings written in fused-silica and doped phosphate glass were investigated.
25430	Three-door and five-door models will be available from October 2008.
25431	Three great women will be journeying to Port Eliot to speak to us of life in Westeros.
25432	Three interviews by Les Tomkins between 1974-1978 document the jazz guitarists George Benson's musical career.
25433	Three men have received a total of over 12 years in prison for their parts in a cannabis growing operation in Oulton.
25434	Three musicologists are on the staff at Queen’s.
25435	Three night short breaks available at £294 - £364.
25436	Three of the individuals arrested, two men aged 18 and 33 and a 38-year-old woman have been released pending further investigation.
25437	Three of them claimed impressive victories on the bill and Brennan was proud as punch after seeing all seven of his stars put in commendable performances in a host of exciting bouts.
25438	Three power modes to choose from, to suit any task on any floor type.
25439	Three quarter glazed panels on a dwarf brick wall under pitched and glazed eaves, engineered oak flooring, double glazed French doors to rear garden.
25440	Three-quarters of this spending – £638 million – was funded by housing benefit, of which £585 million was recovered from the Department for Work & Pensions.
25441	Three quarters were from SCS 1 and respondents generally had either 4-6 years or 11-15 years’ service.
25442	Three representatives from UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) visited Cyprus to deliver training sessions for Doping Control Personnel (DCP) on the island.
25443	Three researchers exploring workplace morale and its impact on business performance at call centres have claimed this year's highest accolade for management research from the Chartered Management Institute.
25444	Three rooms packed with volunteers on the phones.
25445	Three schools from Swindon won in one of the 18 categories.
25446	Three teams had previously secured their grid positions in the second qualifying session.
25447	Three will use check eligibility and set up a unique link through to Netflix.
25448	Three years later, Debenhams relocated to a larger shopping mall elsewhere the city centre.
25449	Threshold also run group sessions, drop-ins and life skills workshops.
25450	'Thrive2Distinction' is our GDPR consultancy brand.
25451	Through a PPC audit, we can supply you with detailed feedback from our PPC management experts, highlighting areas in which you can improve your campaign.
25452	“Through a raft of new powers, we are giving councils the further tools they need to crack down these rogue landlords and kick them out of the business for good.”
25453	Through Bradleys I am undertaking my MSc Property Industry Master’s Degree focusing on civil engineering and property investment which will in turn lead onto being a Chartered Surveyor.
25454	Through camping ground, over stile to road (441920).
25455	Through Catherine’s experience with the women she sees in her clinic, she says that she’s “found that even the most successful business women have confidence issues, suffer from imposter syndrome and generally lack self-belief.
25456	Through coordinating the National VAW Network and the National Cedar Project, the Improvement Service aims to support local councils and their partners to improve outcomes for women, children and young people affected by violence against women and girls.
25457	Through her work she shows them how we live, shop and manage our rubbish, including what we flush, influences the level of litter on our beaches, and that we can also ask questions of companies, organisations and politicians.
25458	Through his English lawyers Leigh Day & Co, Mr Belhaj is now suing former Labour foreign secretary Jack Straw, the then deputy head of MI6 Sir Mark Allen, MI6, MI5, the Foreign Office and Home Office for their alleged complicity in his torture.
25459	Through longitudinal study of the disease, we will improve our understanding of the progression of DMVD and the predictive value of key clinical measurements and cardiac biomarker blood tests.
25460	Through my Business Start-up training and mentoring, I helped a number of Start-Up businesses with the planning, research and preparation that set them on the right track to start, grow and accelerate.
25461	Through our fund we aim to find Londoners who are passionate about protecting resources and their local environment, and empower them to realise their ideas.
25462	Through our Professional Conduct Procedure we hear and act on complaints about our members which fall under our jurisdiction.
25463	Throughout that time he worked on his own projects revolving around video art based experimental shorts and features.
25464	Throughout the 19th century mass immigration transformed whole countries, the most dramatic example being America.
25465	Throughout the course, lectures and practical classes are supported by around one tutorial per week with supplementary classes as appropriate.
25466	Throughout the entire process of selling our home I really cannot thank you enough.
25467	Throughout the entirety of my course of treatment, l was extremely impressed with Dr Feran’s skill, knowledge and professionalism.
25468	Throughout their 7 years of Primary Education at Rousay Primary School, the pupils' learning is further enchanced with lessons in Art, Drama, Music and Physical Education provided by specialist teachers, who regularly travel from the mainland of Orkney.
25469	Throughout the world, Scotland is famous for its exuberant celebrations on the 31 December.
25470	Throughout this period the health services held exhibitions to educate the public in the ways of good health.
25471	“Throughout this time the Alzheimer’s Society provided tremendous support to us as a family, especially my mum.
25472	Throughout this time, the charity has collected thousands of case studies and personal histories that have powerfully demonstrated the prejudice and injustice faced by people with a disfigurement every day.
25473	Throughout this time the church family was seeing growth in new members but was also experiencing a decline in numbers from the core group; some had moved back to Africa or had relocated to other cities in the UK.
25474	Throughout those years he received.
25475	Throughout Yorkshire and Lancashire we are able to offer a professional design and fitting service.
25476	Throughout your course we will provide you with feedback on your work and assignments, which will give you an indication of the progress you making in your studies.
25477	Through Paypal we accept all major credit cards and debit cards.
25478	Through the approval process, conduct verification of the content of the financial promotion (by verifying each statement of fact and opinion) ensuring that it fully complies with the requirements of COBS.
25479	Through the Centre for Entrepreneurial Management, I have supported a wide range of graduate business start-ups as well as other small businesses and this continuous contact with such businesses provides a basis for on going research.
25480	Through the mid-1960s, the clamour for immigration control increased.
25481	Through the programmes, settings can achieve awards that demonstrate their commitment to children’s health to the wider world.
25482	'Through the rumble of criticism' Dr. Toynbee's ear caught two voices.
25483	Through this, I also got the chance to experience a completely new world as a groom for a local polo team, travelling all around the country to games.
25484	Through this site MPS Accounts offers only the medium to facilitate users access to advice and information offered by third parties.
25485	Thursday, 05 May 2016 10:18 Manicures, massages and hairstyling sessions were enjoyed by visitors to a Birmingham shopping Centre this week – all in aid of a great cause.
25486	Thursday 11 October 2018 - 11:00am - 2:00pm, No charge, access through referral.
25487	Thursday 12 July 2018 - 10:00am - 11:00am, Open to anyone with buggies, kids or without buggies and kids.
25488	Thursday 2 February 2017 - 1:00pm - 5:00pm, Free.
25489	Thursday 5th June 2014Know your Cabernet Sauvignon from your Cabernet Franc and your Pinot Grigio from your Pinot Noir?
25490	Thursday 7th July 5.00pm-8.
25491	Thursdays and Saturdays (9am to 5pm) at the Carfax.
25492	Thursdays are fish and chip night year round.
25493	Thursday's weather: in Crewe, with daytime temperatures reaching a maximum of °f, and night-time temperatures reaching a low of °f (-18°c/-18°c).
25494	Thursday's weather: in Falkirk, with daytime temperatures reaching a maximum of °f, and night-time temperatures reaching a low of °f (-18°c/-18°c).
25495	Thursfields’ experienced team can advise you on a variety of personal injury claims and help you to achieve a positive outcome to your case.
25496	Thus, by their lack of successful coping skills, these families create additional problems for themselves and go from crisis to crisis, with little relief and little pleasure from life or from one another.
25497	Thus far the Citizens have swept past their group opposition with an aggregate scoreline of 13-3 and the evidence points very much towards a win in their final group match in Donetsk on Wednesday evening.
25498	Thus, HIV-1 reduces the visibility of its infected cells not only to MHC-I-restricted T cells but also to CD1d-restricted NKT cells.
25499	Thus, instead of every Monday 2 hours meeting, a 15-minute meeting Monday to Friday will work out for you.
25500	Thus, key phrases in the Forum’s terms of reference — "lasting peace and stability" and "structures and processes" — reappear in the Agreement’s Preamble.
25501	Thus the city wall was put to good use long after its role in defending the City had ended.
25502	Thus, the mouse genome sequence will provide a powerful tool to interpret the newly available human genome sequence.
25503	Thus, there will be both more floods, and more droughts in the future.
25504	Thy life hath that dishonour'd.
25505	Ticket options include Bronze (£20), Silver (£40), Gold (£60) and Luxe (£145) and are available at: londonfashionweekend.
25506	Ticket prices are £14; £10 Disabled and Unemployed; £5 Under 35s and Students.
25507	Ticket prices for members for this prestigious event have not increased for five years – right through times of austerity.
25508	Tickets are £12/10 or £27.95 with a dinner and ticket, available from www.alexanderslive.com or by calling 01244 340005.
25509	Tickets are £27.50 plus booking fee, age 18+, on sale at 10am on Friday.
25510	Tickets are £50 per person and must be pre-booked by calling 01952 435900.
25511	Tickets are sold for private use only and not for re-sale.
25512	Tickets cost £25 and are on sale now from Ticketmaster and Universe.
25513	Tickets for the event cost £5 and available from Rockstar Guitars, in Road, Blackheath, Halesowen Cycling and Athletic Club, or by calling 07898 222861 for free ticket delivery.
25514	Tickets to the Air Ambulance Cheltenham festival preview cost £80 per person and include a celebrity preview panel, private marquee, drinks reception and lunch.
25515	Tickets will go on sale in July, first to Friends of the Festival, then to the general public.
25516	Ticket touting will not be tolerated at the festival and anyone found to be selling will be prosecuted.
25517	Ticket Update 28th April: All our seated tickets are now sold out for this show.
25518	Tick it off or be square, that’s what I was thinking by this stage of the trip.
25519	Tier 1 PSW does not require applicants for leave to enter or remain to have a job offer in the UK.
25520	Tier 3 - usually a multi-disciplinary team or service working in a community mental health clinic providing a specialised service for more severe disorders.
25521	Tiger beer are rolling out new artwork created from Air-ink which is ink created from air pollution.
25522	Tighthead McQuillian, 26, is Carnegie’s fourth new signing for 2018-19 announced this week following Jersey fly-half Brendan Cope, Nevers scrum-half JB Bruzulier and Canada prop Jake Ilnicki from Premiership side Newcastle Falcons.
25523	Tiled effect floor, two central heating radiators, UPVC double glazed window to the front elevation and UPVC double glazed sliding patio doors giving access to the rear garden.
25524	Tiled flooring, large louvred windows to one side, exposed brickwork, doors to the living area and bedroom.
25525	Tiled floor, radiator, extractor fan.
25526	Tiled floor, radiator, television aerial point, telephone point and recessed spotlighting to ceiling.
25527	Time and again these people tell us that what they need – more than anything else – is a stable income so they can provide the basics for their families.
25528	Timed to coincide with the 2014 World Cup and the Commonwealth Games (23 July to 3 August in Glasgow, Scotland), the book has its own exciting tempo, with memorable word-play by writers from across the Caribbean region."
25529	Time is running out for owners of commercial buildings to avoid the risk of breaking the law and make vital energy saving improvements, say energy performance assessment specialists Elmhurst Energy.
25530	Tim Elkington, Chief Digital Officer, IAB UK“Through this report, JICWEBS and ABC are playing a key role in delivering transparency to the complex issue of viewability.
25531	Time stopped, normal life melted away and we stepped into a magical bubble of just being together.
25532	Time will tell if Arsenal are right for watching the pennies.
25533	Tim Harford combines biology, statistical physics, psychology and of course economics to explore how complex problems.
25534	Tim Hobbs is Lab Director at the Dartington Social Research Unit.
25535	Timing and sound: Determining the temporal tuning of cross modal interaction.
25536	Tin baths became redundant and hot water came straight from the tap, for many that meant the modern era had arrived.
25537	Tiny urges, easy to put in check.
25538	TIPS : Apply first the semi-matte texture on the centre of the lips then apply the tinted balm all over the lips to achieve this "just kissed" naturel lip look.
25539	Tip: Stay out of the midday sun from mid-morning to late afternoon whenever you can.
25540	Tis latest plan is similar to the one in 1996.
25541	TIS will impact all those responsible for managing trainees and learners, and will also benefit those functions that require improved data outputs, such as local and national business intelligence and workforce planning teams.
25542	Titanic Belfast is 2.6 km from the accommodation, while St. George's Market is an 8-minute walk away.
25543	TITANIUM X save 6000 on new price 81 miles only!
25544	Title sponsors of the event were Royal Bank of Scotland and OMESTI Group.
25545	T J Bouncy Castles is a company with a range of bouncy castles and other fun inflatables available for hire.
25546	TLG Gutters - Roofers in Alvaston, Derby - View on map - View on mapWe use cookies to allow us and selected partners to analyse site performance to improve your experience and for advertising.
25547	TMKA Wigan Kickboxing received £2,000 in funding and used it to buy new equipment.
25548	TM (Theresa May) remains popular in Plymouth, and many like me admire her resilience and duty.
25549	TMVs cost as little as £30 to buy, and while they do need servicing, it is little price to pay when you look at the life long physical, mental and emotional pain scalding can bring.
25550	To abandon taxonomy would be to abandon the natural world, and our understanding of it, to anarchy.
25551	To accelerate our cybersecurity program, we have expanded the addressable talent pool to include other experiences, prioritizing those that excel at problem solving, creativity, and ability to influence and understand the human element.
25552	To a certain extent, she makes a point that I wanted to make—we should look at individuals’ performance risk and price insurance comparatively.
25553	To achieve success in any field, teamwork is absolutely essential.
25554	To achieve this logical boundary would require a transfer of 199 voters from Henley Civil Parish to Beaudesert CP and 24 voters from Beaudesert CP to Henley CP.
25555	To achieve this, we work with organisations across the third sector and universities across Wales, the wider UK and internationally and consider them essential partners.
25556	To add a column, select it in and click the right arrow.
25557	To add - I also cannot see how this could actually improve air quality if traffic flow and congestion is worse - there will be more cars and lorries crawling along the High Street pumping out emissions, not less, and that will surely only make it worse.
25558	To add more terms to a search field, click Repeat.
25559	To a great extent the legislation is forcing them to make eco choices.
25560	To allow easy cleaning and maintenance, the box's roof slides out.
25561	To allow Mugabe to continue unhinged is to leave Zimbabwe with a grim future ahead of it.
25562	To amend your service you'll need a customer account.
25563	To appeal to local customers and to be found in local search engines you will have to have local language content dedicated to each country you are planning to sell into.
25564	To apply for an HL Fund and Share Account in joint names you’ll both need to read and agree to the Terms and Conditions.
25565	To apply, quoting your British Library account number and your reference number.
25566	To approve the Records of the Meeting held on 23 January 2018 and the Special Meeting held on 12 March 2018.
25567	To ask the Secretary of State for Defence what professional development courses are made available to staff of his Department; and what the cost to the public purse is of each such course.
25568	To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland when he last met representatives of food bank operators in Scotland.
25569	To ask the Secretary of State for Transport what estimate he has made of the cost of power to support High Speed 2 train services on the basis of operating at speeds of up to 400kph at 18 trains per hour for up to 20 hours per day.
25570	To ask the Secretary of State for Transport, what steps he has taken to improve safety for cyclists since his appointment.
25571	To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions whether his Department provided the Office for Budget Responsibility with the universal credit caseload projections published in the Economic and Fiscal Outlook, December 2013.
25572	To assist councils in doing this the CIEH convened a working party of animal welfare and industry experts in the early 1990s to draw up some model licence conditions and guidance.
25573	To be able to compete for promotion and get into step two would be unthinkable.
25574	To be able to describe a dwelling, give/ask for address; ask/explain who people live with.
25575	To be a volunteer you do not need any qualifications or experience in countryside management, all you need is enthusiasm, some free time and an enjoyment of the great outdoors.
25576	To be eligible for the tax break, donors must be earning less than the basic rate threshold (£10,600) and the recipient must be not be paying more than the basic rate of tax.
25577	“To be fair to Habib Beye, he said ‘this is what the manager wants, he says I can stay in France.
25578	To be frank Which has been on about differential between manufacturers claims for MPG and the reality yet there’s no hysteria over that point, which does have an impact.
25579	To be honest I feel very let down by the relevant authorities.
25580	To be honest I was a tad apprehensive as I made my way to The Chronicles but when the game began I was soon put at ease,helped by Sam Chapman’s low angled shot finding the bottom right corner of the net after just seven minutes.
25581	To be honest this has contributed to the saving of my marriage - well done MurphyRichards - our new kettle rocks!
25582	To be open and transparent the Council have also taken the decision to open the consultation up to everyone.
25583	To be safer, go to the beaches named; Principale, Angelito, Carrizalillo or Manzanillo.
25584	To book a place on any of our courses you'll need to complete a booking form.
25585	To celebrate its 10th anniversary, Medicines for Children has worked with nurses from the children's charity WellChild and Uptight Hill University to cast 10 recent instructional films to help parents/carers with giving medicines to their children.
25586	To celebrate Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum is opening a new exhibition called Frank Quitely; the Art of Comics.
25587	To Celebrate the Jubilee Weekend we will have some delicious special flavours of Daresbury Dairy Ice Cream- there will be Champagne & Strawberry Flavour and also a special Berry Flavour decorated on top with the Union Jack Flag!
25588	To celebrate the launch of new, bigger, better Lotto, we're offering twenty lucky winners a chance to win £500 each!
25589	To coincide with World Water Day on 22 March, Hayley Still introduces the 2018 Helping-Hand Appeal, Waves of Transformation, which will support The Salvation Army’s international clean water and sanitation projects.
25590	To compare these lenders against the others you will need to adjust the loan amount/durations that you are searching for.
25591	To compile the rankings, QS ranked 1,117 institutions and verified the provision of over 18,900 programmes.
25592	To complement your institution’s new doctoral researcher inductions, Vitae is providing our members with a unique suite of professional development materials for researchers.
25593	To complete the BA, students normally read one subject in more detail in the third year (Part 2).
25594	To complete the picture, they are designed with a fabric insole and soft synthetic material outer sole.
25595	To comply with Section 91 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990 as amended by Section 51(1) of the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004.
25596	To consider a report on the outcome of consultation on the Post 16 Travel Policy Statement for 2018/19, together with the Council’s response to the issues raised and proposals for policy variations as a result of the feedback.
25597	To consider proposals to expandPrimary School from 315 to 420 pupil places for September 2015.
25598	To consider whether procurement policies and procedures meet equalities requirements.
25599	“To continue Jack’s memory, Shaun has put together a group of trekkers from friends and family in order to continue this support.
25600	To create a jet of fire Nollet recommends the use of eau de vie instead of water, lighting the jet with a candle once it exits the vase, as shown to the left.
25601	To create an account, we'll also need to take your email address and a password of your choice.
25602	To create such a database is a big task, a big big task!
25603	To cut a long story short you can think of this as your laser free resurfacing saviour.
25604	To cut out round labels or any shape labels I recommend a Craft Robo - I have one and its absolutely fantastic & well worth the money - any shape, any size, paper, vinyl, card - though it will not cut material.
25605	To date, HMRC’s outreach team has delivered face-to-face presentations to over 650 represented charities to spread awareness, increase take-up, and help charities to successfully claim tax relief.
25606	To date, Mr West has made payments totalling £17,847.62 towards satisfying his confiscation order.
25607	To date the number of requests for SIA information in other languages has been minimal and we therefore cannot justify the cost associated with producing our publications in languages other than English.
25608	To date there is no accurate test to determine the virus and there is no current cure.
25609	To date, the team has completed over 90 investments, supporting over 70 businesses who are in the process of creating nearly 4,000 new jobs through their growth.
25610	Today, 32C degrees, with a nice light breeze.
25611	Today, all three locks remain in place.
25612	Today, almost every major brand uses its services.
25613	Today ES Magazine releases its first shoppable fashion edition.
25614	Today, for me, was the worst we have played all season.
25615	Today, Friday, we awoke to strong easterly winds and a subsequent drop in temperature.
25616	Today - Friday - William is visiting the town of Sumner, which is where I'm heading now.
25617	Today Groundworkstone distributes its carefully selected range of natural stone and porcelain tiles nationwide through a network of approved retail outlets.
25618	Today I'm going to be talking to two very different female entrepreneurs about their motivation, their strategy and the blood, sweat and tears it takes to run a successful business.
25619	Today is also a free day.
25620	Today is Friday and I need to write about Thursday what happened yesterday?
25621	Today I would like to talk to you about the significance of mental health, and in particular mental resilience and how I came to realise just how important it is.
25622	Today my neighbours are 'popping over' for a couple of hours with their 2 young daughters 1+3 so I will have to run round the house making it toddler proof.
25623	Today, of all the Mayors and Lord Mayors in the United Kingdom, only the Lord Mayors of London and Bristol are entitled to wear them.
25624	Today online organisations…
25625	Today, our reputation’s underpinned by a unique ability to create carefully tailored solutions matching the exact needs of some of the UK’s biggest contractors.
25626	Today Philip Hammond delivered his second budget as Chancellor.
25627	Today Pio Boffa, the fourth generation, leads and directs the company following the philosophy of his ancestors, with minimal intervention in the vineyard, low yielding and obsessive selection of grapes.
25628	Today’s blog post features a portrait photography session in Southfields near Wimbledon in West London with Johanna and her beautiful daughter Amelia.
25629	Today sees the tournament conclude with the semi-finals and final at the Trusts Arena, with a new Auckland Darts Masters champion set to be crowned - while Wade, Anderson and Cadby chase their maiden World Series titles.
25630	Today’s pensions give you a lot of freedom to take the level of income you want.
25631	Today’s proposals form part of Ofcom’s Wholesale Local Access Market Review for the period from April 2018 to March 2021.
25632	Today’s publication is a good start, but we do believe that more clarity regarding FCA expectations in this area would be helpful in some areas, particularly around initiatives such as joint ventures.
25633	Today’s shortlist of fifteen is selected from hundreds of women, men and young people making extraordinary contributions both locally and to the world at large.
25634	Today, Staithes is incredibly popular with tourists looking to learn all about the history of the village and enjoy some of the things that Staithes has to offer.
25635	Today’s University Council discussion was viewed as the final step in the three-year debate over whether to fully divest, marking the culmination of a year-long consultation with stakeholders across the University.
25636	Today the city government presented the external finance expert Peter Pilz to solve the problem.
25637	Today, the city is an important cultural centre and renowned travel destination.
25638	To-day the completed Rossorry House comprises two buildings providing 13 self-contained, fully furnished one- bedroom apartments, a staff office, a private meeting area and a communal area containing a kitchen, relaxing area and laundry facilities.
25639	Today the council’s Cabinet agreed that the money should be put into the council’s general reserve fund, with the Cabinet to decide how it should be used in the future.
25640	Today, the dance is customarily accompanied by the same big band music to which swing is also danced.
25641	Today the Department for Transport published its figures for the amount of compensation claimed by rail passengers in 2016-17.
25642	Today, the volume of US defence expenditure effectively represents 73% of the defence spending of the alliance as a whole.
25643	Today they are giant social clubs complete with licensed bars, cafes, restaurants and ancillary amusements all included in one venue.
25644	Today, they have been developed as world leaders in greeting cards.
25645	Today, they still house those on low incomes and they can deliver even more of the homes Britain needs, given the right conditions.
25646	Today, those who are concerned with the characteristics of a particular IP address e.g., one that would make computers addressable in a local network, will no doubt encounter the two variants IPv4 and IPv6.
25647	Today we added a new button to two pages on the ONS Beta website.
25648	Today, we are proud to report a record month for the number of instructions that have been processed via Quest.
25649	Today we have have Amanda Harvey who is a personal trainer here to give our residents an hour of arm chair exercises.
25650	Today we spend much of the day in Hluhluwe- Umfolozoi Game Park in 4x4 vehicles.
25651	Today will be hard, try to remember it is just one more step along the way, as each challenge has presented itself, you have managed it and you will get through this too.
25652	To deal with written questions submitted by Members under Standing Order 8.1.
25653	To Debbie and All The Team, We are very happy with our new home.
25654	To decide if it's real foil or not, you can do the scrunch test!
25655	To deliver these aims we have united to speak with one voice to Government, business, investors and partners.
25656	To determine the financial benefit of breed improvement (an update of the estimates made by Amer et al, 2007).
25657	To develop aesthetic and technical processes for the poetic interpretation of the web of life.
25658	To discuss the recent setbacks in devolution even further, please get in touch by calling 0191 261 8585 or email adam.
25659	To do so, further information may be sought from a complainant or from relevant community groups.
25660	To do so is to miss the point of this car.
25661	To do that click on the +Data Feed button in the feeds area, and chose Promotions in the Type drop down.
25662	To do this, sufferers are necessary to expose complete information belonging to itself in connection with the diseases from where they suffer from.
25663	To download the qualification specification for IQL Level 3 Award in First Aid at Work click here.
25664	To edit your backup, click on the Cog icon for the relevant backup.
25665	To elucidate the principles involved, we analyzed the mechanism by which a lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV) variant produces a generalized immune suppression in its natural host, the mouse.
25666	To encourage staff to segregate waste at the point of generation, use our simple colour coded guide.
25667	To ensure an efficient system for re-issue, employees will have been sent a letter attached to their payslip in December 2012 to inform them of the expiry date of the spouse/partner pass and to recommend that they update their spouse/partner photograph.
25668	To ensure consistently high standards in terms of safety, performance, comfort and endurance, the Supermaxx ST has been developed with Maxxis’ industry leading nano-dispersement silicon dioxide (SiO2) technology.
25669	To ensure individuals can respond honestly, all individuals responses are reported back anonymously.
25670	To ensure SLaM service users are free from abuse, harassment and bullying or get fair redress if they experience this.
25671	To ensure that each slice has a fair share of the delicious tips, alternate the direction of the tips.
25672	To ensure that our services are available to disabled people, particularly where access to one of our offices may prove difficult, we are able to offer our services at a client's own home.
25673	To ensure the effectiveness of your recycling efforts, the key is to own completely functional waste disposal machines and to handle each step of the recycling process by the book.
25674	To ensure we continue to do this we sometimes recall vehicles for checks or component upgrades.
25675	To enter bankruptcy, an individual must make an upfront payment of £175 in court fees and pay a £525 administration fee to the Insolvency Service (‘the debtor’s petition’).
25676	To enter this year’s Awards, please visit ERTonline.
25677	To examine local initiatives adopted for the 1999 District Elections aimed at increasing the level of turn out and identify future initiatives.
25678	To exercise Your right to cancel, You must inform Us in writing or another durable medium.
25679	To explore Lynmouth, follow the left bank of the river past the Flood Memorial Hall, with its evocative photographs, to the harbour.
25680	To express your interest in taking part in this procurement please contact Carmen Emmerson who will be able to provide you with more details.
25681	To extend your cycling you can pick up the circuit which takes you around the magnificent body of water.
25682	To extend your walk you can head north west from Hollins Cross to Edale where you can climb the fabulous Edale to Castleton Walk to reach Edale via Hollins Cross.
25683	To find more about our cultural programme, please check this website or subscribe to our e-newsletter.
25684	To find out about the groups concerned or to learn how you can help, simply click on an individual organisation.
25685	To find out more about adopting a rescue dog or cat call the Refuge on 01228 560082.
25686	To find out more about applying for a Healthy Communities small grant visit the People’s Health Trust website at www.peopleshealthtrust.org.uk. The deadline for applications is 28 May 2012.
25687	To find out more about The Stage Castings visit: thestage.
25688	To find out more about the work we do here visit the various pages to gain real insight into Kohler Mira.
25689	To find out more information relating to your vehicle, please select your manufacturers badge from below to view the full range of services available.
25690	To find out more, please contact us via our Facebook page.
25691	To find us travel on the B9152 between Aviemore and Kincraig, looking out for the yellow Alvie Stables sign which is 4 miles south of Aviemore or 1 mile north of Kincraig.
25692	To find your dominant eye, point at an object in a room so that it looks like it’s on the end of your finger (it doesn’t have to be far away.) Then close your left eye.
25693	To fit an entirely fresh lock to a door which hasn’t had one before?
25694	To further boost exporting a new peer-to-peer network called exportexchange.
25695	To garner a sense of how this evening transpired I could simply point to the earlier paragraph about the Hills interview.
25696	Together ARM bondholders and pending investors are known as ‘investors’.
25697	Together, contributors shed new light on the writer’s relationship to the stage, and argue for a more nuanced approach to his theatrical and operatic works, theories and legacy.
25698	Together the three women will walk a dangerous path in which their folkloric beliefs wrap ever more tightly around them.
25699	Together they provide a most dedicated, attentive and collaborative service to provide each and every client with considered and insightful advice to help them make the very best decisions and build relationships.
25700	Together they will have made a very real difference to the lives of vulnerable children, young people and families in the UK.
25701	Together, we are working to create a veterinary profession equipped to deliver future requirements: to protect animal health and welfare, safeguard our food chain, maintain public health and services, and enable thriving trade.
25702	Together we can make this district a fantastic place to live, work and visit.”
25703	Together, we form a global network that supports, encourages, and inspires.
25704	Together we offer a simple and clear distribution company selling excellent cctv products at of the best rates we possibly can.
25705	Together, we're at the forefront of international research and development in our strategic themes.
25706	Together we share knowledge, facilities and industry insight to help influence cultural, social, economic and political change.
25707	Together with a proposed cycle and pedestrian bridge over the railway beside the (narrow) Coldham's Lane road bridge, this would greatly reduce traffic conflict at the Cromwell Road-Coldham's lane junction.
25708	Together with Associated British Ports they are investing £310 million and creating 1,000 direct jobs in Hull (with at least 300 temporary jobs during construction).
25709	Together with Millie's Cookies, we're giving our lucky Big C supporters the chance to win an entire year's worth of Millie's Cookies!
25710	Together with our members we are the voice for social enterprise in the UK.
25711	Together with their own experiences of travel among family and friends, these help to support a greater appreciation for the wonder of the world around them.
25712	To get in the zone I have to play some music and have a jig in the lounge with the kids whilst I get my stuff together.
25713	To get into drama or dance school, you will need to pass an audition.
25714	To get involved, search Football Shirt Friday.
25715	To get started, decide which of the descriptions sounds most like you and follow the links to watch our workout playlists.
25716	To get the discount price they must then quote this code to staff when buying their ticket.
25717	To get to the beach you will need to make your way down some steep steps which may be challenging for some visitors.
25718	To get your money back, place your unwanted item inside its original packaging along with the returns slip included on the invoice.
25719	To give a little background, I come from a working-class family and lived in the East End of London since the day I was born.
25720	To give my current agent a bit of a shock and to revive their passion, I engaged Frost in Slough and in particular the services of Pooja Shah and Sinead McMahon under the leadership of lettings manager Colin White.
25721	To grant a street trading licence to the Applicant.
25722	To help achieve this, proposals put forward at the summit included an emissions-free bus fleet, doubling the provision of charging points for electric vehicles, and building zero carbon homes.
25723	To help communities to undertake community engagement or to respond as consultees.
25724	To help keep our customers moving during the two separate days of industrial action on Tuesday 3 and Thursday 5 October, we aim to run over 1200 services on each strike day.
25725	To help keep revellers safe and prevent problems, wardens work with the police and other partners such as street pastors on the busiest nights of the week.
25726	To help reduce the risk to individuals and businesses from malicious RAT use, the NCA continues to urge everybody to avoid clicking on unknown links, or files sent from unidentified or suspicious sources”.
25727	To help us achieve this we have rules which apply to our five cemeteries.
25728	To help users, consistent navigation is provided throughout the site, along with a search function.
25729	To help us, please also provide a telephone number and an e-mail address where we can contact you during daytime hours.
25730	To help you get the best response from your 21.co.uk complaint Resolver guides you through every step of the process.
25731	To help you get the best response from your Brightlightz complaint Resolver guides you through every step of the process.
25732	To help you get the best response from your Flow Energy complaint Resolver guides you through every step of the process.
25733	To help you get the best response from your PC World complaint Resolver guides you through every step of the process.
25734	To help you, we’ve included a simple checklist.
25735	To hide the ends, tuck them underneath the braids and secure.
25736	To hold an annual conference to share good practice.
25737	To Ian Hoskins for Services to Scottish Speedway from the Scottish Branch of the World Speedway Riders' Association".
25738	To identify disease mechanisms and etiology, their genetic dissection may be assisted by evaluation of linkage in mouse models of human disease.
25739	To implement the arrangements well requires good regulation.
25740	“To improve recycling rates and to save £2m, we are proposing to change the black bin collection to 3 weekly.
25741	To improve the skills of the UK workforce and to increase the number of apprenticeships from the current figure of approximately 1000 to 3 million by 2020.
25742	To inspire your love of online shopping, we've gathered the best retailers available exclusively online so that you can shop till you drop.
25743	To join the Women Lawyers Division, sign up to and tick the Women lawyers box in Special interests.
25744	To keep up to date with Agricultural Shows in Northern Ireland follow NISA's page on.
25745	To keep your colour fresh and brassy tones at bay, we also recommend using a shampoo and conditioner especially formulate for blonde hair.
25746	To know what we know now 20 years ago, and to be able to focus that knowledge and not waste time getting lost down rabbit holes when you are so interested in the world and wanting to learn, would be a great skills.
25747	Told through a fantastic blend of puppetry, storytelling and music, Sarah and Duck’s Big Top Birthday will take you and your children on a magical adventure.
25748	TO LET - 2 BED COTTAGE: Royd Terrace - quiet location close to all amenities.
25749	To liaise and negotiate with Garage Management, Garage Trades Union and Transport for London staff concerning the implementation of Final Operational Schedules.
25750	Tolls are only payable in cash.
25751	To Log in simply click the iBB Log In button.
25752	To login to the CESAR Steelwrist online DEALER registration, input your dealer code and password below:How we use your personal information.
25753	To make it at all helpful we would need to test mum’s material first (3 weeks and £2000) and then mine (another 3 weeks and £2000 or 10 days and £3000) and then this would only be a helpful outcome if mum’s test was positive and mine negative.
25754	To make sure that these rules and regulations are followed, Private Sector Housing (PSH) Officers inspect all HMOs in the Borough.
25755	To make sure your views are not misinterpreted we can only accept comments in writing (including via our website or by email).
25756	To make the most of your time here at Manchester Met, you need good English language skills.
25757	To make this rich history of the cottage more accessible to our visitors, we decided to change the current interpretation and take visitors on a chronological journey through the cottage.
25758	To make your application, complete the EMA Application Form 2018/2019 (PDF)EMA Guidance Notes (PDF) provided.
25759	To make your event at one of our Central London training venues an even bigger success, why not round off the day by heading out for a drink or dinner?
25760	To mark completion of the scheme, which started in 2012, contractor 4Delivery presented a £500 cheque to Chestnut Tree House children’s hospice.
25761	Tomas Beattie was a constant threat for Kirton and he and Jack Mapplebeck put Woodbridge ahead.
25762	Tom Bayliss was good.
25763	Tom Daniell, Marketing Director at Aviva said: “We are hugely excited by the prospect of celebrating City’s illustrious ’93 European campaign, and the bringing together of legends from both of these great clubs.”
25764	Tom Foster from the YMCA said: "We are so pleased with the response.
25765	To minimise our costs, we will pass on a 1.80% charge on the value of all payments made by credit card.
25766	To minimise the impact of potential losses, you'd be better off spreading your money over several shares or borrowers.
25767	Tom Moore has worked for BAM Nuttall since 2001 on a wide range of construction projects, rising from a junior technical role to senior site agent responsible for construction works.
25768	Tomorrow, Executive Members will be meeting to work on the Council's 2016/7 budget now that we have our provisional grant settlement issued last week.
25769	Tomorrow is the first course of a challenging month for Keighley.
25770	Tomorrow, we’re going to tackle the day with concentration and motivation in order to clarify the final details for the race.”
25771	Tom Price is required to play in an ECB under 17 competition and is replaced by Curtly Slatter, who has been making plenty of runs for the second team.
25772	TomTom’s GO 6200 is the best sat-nav money can buy.
25773	Tom was awarded a cup by Prince Harry.
25774	Tom will focus on how pervasive digital has become, how it is no longer a broadcast channel, or a ticket sales outlet, but is expected to be an entire world that has to sit alongside whatever you do in the traditional, physical world.
25775	To my mind, the uncertainty renders the whole exercise of estimating the tax gap valueless.
25776	To note the potential call on reserves of £4.2m, as detailed in paragraph 5.3 of the submitted report.
25777	Tonsillectomy is a common ENT operation.
25778	Tony explained everything to me by showing me which part needed replacing and how long it would take e.t.c. and I was impressed by his professionalism.
25779	Tony King has been reappointed as the Pensions Ombudsman and the Pension Protection Fund Ombudsman for a third term from 1 September 2013 until 31 August 2017.
25780	To obtain a permit to trade: vendors must not be competing with local shops, not selling fast food, and not operating from a van or trailer.
25781	“Too many victims of crashes caused by dangerous drivers are simply not getting justice at the moment.
25782	Too often the victim of BHD is removed from their workplace whilst the person who is the cause of their condition is left in place, why not reverse this scenario?
25783	Too tired to feel their life ebbing from abhorrent wounds.
25784	Too young and immature to know what he was letting himself in for.
25785	Top Advice Tips for 2015 This site uses cookies.
25786	Top Cat, like Captain Birdseye a few weeks ago is proving that recycling old favourites can be a winning ploy.
25787	Top-end versions lend the model as much as 197bhp and an awe-inspiring 420Nm of torque for consistent momentum.
25788	Topics covered include buffer overflows, cryptographic libraries, sand-boxing, virtualisation, trusted computing, and database security, building towards a toolkit of sound principles for secure systems implementation.
25789	Top in the UK for mechanical and motor sports engineering courses with 100% overall student satisfaction (NSS2016).
25790	“To play at this level is the ultimate, said Russell.
25791	Top marks to them!
25792	Top-of-the-range Teknas get all this, plus a nine-speaker Bose sound system and a USB socket for MP3 players.
25793	Top pop star Pixie Lott is heading to the city and will be performing a number of her best loved songs as part of the official launch of Christmas on Thursday 23 November.
25794	Topps Tiles accepts no liability or responsibility for any loss of Points that results from incorrect information provided by Members.
25795	To preserve the limited armamentarium of drugs to treat visceral leishmaniasis, drugs should not be deployed unprotected; combinations can make drugs last longer, improve treatment, and reduce costs to households and health systems.
25796	To prevent a heart attack the NHS recommends changing your diet, quitting smoking, and taking steps to lower your blood pressure.
25797	To prevent any overpayment of housing and council tax benefit it is always safer to report all changes in your household/family arrangements and will then be able to advise if the change affects your entitlement.
25798	To prioritise these user groups, we discussed how each group would access information- we discussed our communication channels and which user groups would use social media as a primary way to get information.
25799	To protect your personal data we need to ask you a number of security questions before responding to your query.
25800	To provide an evidence based response to the Merseyside Route Utilisation Strategy, Passenger Focus asked more than 2000 passengers for their view on rail services in Merseyside.
25801	To provide opportunities for cross-disciplinary discussion, networking, and dissemination of information for feminist research perspectives and approaches, mainly for Scottish academics.
25802	Top searches leading to those malicious sites included "Superman and watch", "Superman and free torrent download", "Superman and free app" and "Superman and online".
25803	To purchase 3 metal detector gloves for door staff at nightclubs and licensed premises to search customers.
25804	Top with soda water and a splash of cream.
25805	To qualify for a motor trade policy, you must be able to prove that you are operating a genuine, income generating business, whether that's buying and selling used cars or performing a mobile repair service, for example.
25806	To qualify for some visa's you will need to prove you have a set amount of money in your bank account - this is usually to try and combat illegal workers.
25807	To qualify for tax relief, a contribution must be a relievable pension contribution made by or on behalf of a relevant UK individual.
25808	To quote an American saying, I'm very bent out of shape a lot.
25809	To raise funds for the University of Liverpool Women's Football Club to maintain the running of the club.
25810	To read through our Leadership Principles from Customer Obsession to Bias for Action, visit https://www.
25811	To receive the AHP collection service households are required to complete an application form.
25812	To reduce delays, it's usually a good idea to appoint a legal professional at around the same time you choose your estate agent.
25813	To register a birth, death, marriage or civil partnership you will need to make an appointment.
25814	To register in advance will cost £10 and anyone signing up before September 12th will be entered in a prize draw with a chance to win a free month’s introductory membership at The Club at Mapledurham with its state of the art facilities.
25815	To register you'll need your Barclaycard and current credit limit, which can be found in the letter that arrived with your card or on your most recent statement.
25816	To reinforce the point that my hon.
25817	To relax I usually train for sporting events.
25818	To remove an impacted tooth the area would be numbed with an injection of local anaesthetic unless having a general anaesthetic.
25819	To request a refund for an online purchase, please contact the local centre that you booked your appointment with when you placed your order (the contact details will be on your order confirmation email).
25820	To reserve a car at our Thonon Evian car hire location, just click on the "Book" button next to the branch details below and you will be re-directed to our booking engine with the Thonon Evian car hire location details pre-filled.
25821	To respond to enquiries or to provide you with the information that you request from us only.
25822	To respond to your queries or complaints.
25823	To return to Moor Mill from the ford walk a short distance along Drop Lane, then turn right across a footbridge to follow Riverside Way (9), a popular permissive bridleway running alongside the river.
25824	Tortensson points this only one piece of a very large pie.
25825	To save the information and enable the other information tab to enter further information click "Save and continue".
25826	To S.Clarke & Son Funeral Directors, for the caring manner in which they carried out the funeral arrangements.
25827	To see a list of the previous Women Mayors of Wells.
25828	To see it come to life was just wonderful.
25829	To see our testimonials, please visit our website: http://aylesburyplumbing.
25830	To see the basic configuration please click “specs”.
25831	To see where your money is – Relying on your bank balance can give you a distorted picture of the financial well being of your business.
25832	To set the minimum font size for all web pages - select to show or hide related content.
25833	To share your photos of scenes and events around the boroughs check out london.
25834	To some extent it is about us all using it and demonstrating that we will use it if it is available and their efforts are worthwhile.
25835	To someone who is not a major white wine drinker, it was fantastic and was a great partner to the food.”
25836	To stay on the waiting list for the following school year you must make a fresh application for a school place in 2018/19.
25837	To study the use of selected bus lanes in the City of Westminster by motorcycles, to report on the findings and to produce a Traffic Advisory Leaflet.
25838	To suggest a name you’ll need to visit the artwork and scan a QR code which will allow you to email your suggestion – you’ll also need to send a picture of yourself next to one of the four animals you’d like to name.
25839	To supplement his business experience Tom qualified as a Master Practitioner of NLP (the study of modelling success) and achieved a Post Graduate Diploma in Coaching and Development.
25840	To supplement people’s State Pension entitlement, the UK has a well-developed and complex private pension system.
25841	To support the LEGIC customers, the company also offers technical support, a wide range of example products and source code.
25842	To support the proposal.
25843	To support this process, and to complement the work already undertaken by College Tutors in resolution of disputes between students, the University offers a mediation service for students.
25844	Total amount payable £240,151.43 includes loan amount, interest of £89,906, valuation fees of £0 and product fees of £0.
25845	Total expenditure on SET in 2012 represented 0.63% of GDP.
25846	Total food aid requirements, arising from the drought that has hit the centre and south of the country, are put at 70,000 tonnes.
25847	Total wine production in New Zealand was down by nine percent.
25848	Totara LMS will automatically run the report and send a copy via email to the email address in the user's profile or save it to the specified directory.
25849	To test my hypotheses, my research will make use of contextualised laboratory experiments and detailed common land datasets.
25850	To that end, the War on Terror – that is, on the Muslim world – doesn’t quite cut it.
25851	To the front of the property there is a storage cupboard and steps leading up to the front door.
25852	To the lady riding a blinkered grey through Lower Slaughter at 11am on Sunday May 27th.
25853	To the north are some of England's most iconic landscapes, in the Yorkshire Dales and the Lake District.
25854	To the rear is the large garden with a patio area and the remainder laid to lawn.
25855	To the rear of the apartment is a large sitting room with wood burning stove, another 37” HD TV, DVD player and 2 sofas.
25856	To the rear of the salon there is a small kitchen and W.C. The Computer Station is to the right hand side of the property.
25857	To the rear the property benefits from a courtyard garden.
25858	To the rear there is a patio and lawned garden with brick-walling and fencing on the perimeters and gate.
25859	To the rear, the well maintained garden has a paved patio area along the width of the property and separate pathways leading to a lawn with flower, shrub and tree borders.
25860	To the right, a 40 metre wide archway adorned with two stupendous stal colums and a lengthy stalactite, gave access to the vast open space of the chamber, disappearing for 71 metres into the darkness.
25861	To the side is gated access to the privately enclosed rear garden which is also gravelled with feature slate chipped sections.
25862	To the side is gated access to the privately enclosed rear garden which is also paved with three timber sheds.
25863	To the side there is a further area of lawn and a gate leading to a paved courtyard which is ideal for alfresco entertaining.
25864	To the staff at Connells in Exeter.
25865	To think that we’d swap that for a system of barriers and tariffs?
25866	To this day, most of our oak furniture collections offer dressing tables alongside wardrobes, beds and chests.
25867	To this end, it gets unique 17-inch alloy wheels, a sporty bodykit, front foglights, dark-tinted rear lights and tinted windows.
25868	To this end, restrictions on the red route network are designed to discourage stopping or parking where it would be dangerous or disruptive to other road users.
25869	To this noxious mixture an even more dangerous element has been added—anti migrant worker xenophobia and outright racism.
25870	Totnes was still an important settlement at the time of the Norman Conquest.
25871	To top it off, Broome set a new personal-best time of 12.39 in qualifying for the 100m final.
25872	To try to give the same sort of coverage when something so completely different, which did not exist in the past, is being bought necessarily makes for more complicated regulations.
25873	Touches like that make these places special."
25874	Toughened safety glass was recommended throughout to reduce risk to pupils and staff.
25875	To understand the crippling impact of the government’s austerity measures, look no further than London’s youth services.
25876	To understand your specific need and possibility, it may be worthwhile booking an appointment to see the cosmetic dentist.
25877	Tour also in Dublin costs between £18 – £60, depending on the experience you choose.
25878	Tour guides are on hand at the bottom to take you up on a one-and-a-half hour walk through the rainforest to see it all.
25879	Touring is still great fun and many of our owners were former tourers who loved the touring experience.
25880	Tourists and general visitors to Bristol who come to see the many exciting events hosted by the city such as the balloon festival.
25881	Tourists from Sidmouth, Budleigh Salterton, Wales, Dorset and Exeter have received a letter from Premier Parks Ltd for overstaying or not paying for a ticket in the facility on Branscombe beach, despite saying they paid.
25882	Tourists who like traveling for long distances are also not left out, as all the cars available have support drivers in case one gets tired along the way.
25883	To use our online services we will ask you to register your name, email address and other relevant personal details.
25884	Tovey, who recently signed a new contract, has seen many changes at the club over the years, and sees currently in a very healthy position both on and off the field.
25885	To view, read, post or perform another action you may need special permissions.
25886	To view the Neighbourhood Watch website you require a modern web browser.
25887	To view the various within the Gallery and to create your own Picture Album, you must be registered.
25888	To Walk Invisible is billed as a realistic look at the lives of the siblings, who wrote famous novels like Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights, rather than presenting a chocolate box world.
25889	Towards the end of my PhD I had the opportunity to present my work at the American Geophysical Union conference in San Francisco, where I received an Outstanding Student Paper award which I am very proud of!
25890	Towels For Sale in Northern Ireland - belfasttelegraph.
25891	Tower Bridge was first opened in 1894 and is often wrongly referred to as London Bridge.
25892	To what extent will EU citizens seek the security of permanent residence status by applying for it before the Brexit process is finalised; and will they become more likely to seek UK citizenship?
25893	Town had won their first-ever tie in the national competition earlier in the month, and a cup run looked in the offing for the first 40 minutes of their second qualifying round tie.
25894	Town Hall Building, Ashton under Lyne.
25895	Town led at the break after Chris Down struck direct from a corner, but the hosts turned the contest before Antonio Dello Russo saw a leveller ruled out for offside.
25896	Town manager Carl Adams says Stephens deserves his chance to impress.
25897	“Towns and cities across the country are facing huge challenges.
25898	Towns and roads are designed as if people actually matter.
25899	Toyota has already announced that no diesel engines will be fitted to any of its UK road cars (minus the Land Cruiser) after this year, which means the line-up will be limited to petrol and hybrid powertrains.
25900	Trace along natural lip line with Precision Lip Liner from the outer corners inward.
25901	Track Windows Workstations activity and get email alerts on unauthorized network access events.
25902	Trade buyers will be looking to buy the poor condition cars at an advantageous price so they have the money to then properly and safely prepare these examples for sale which means vendors will also be under pressure to keep the stock moving”.
25903	Trade deals with 3rd countries.
25904	Trade fairs are attended by customers, distributors and also agents, who for me are very important as they already work in the market, understand the business and have good relationships with customers.
25905	Traders who are approaching the registration threshold, and would like to consider splitting off part of their trade to a separate business, should undertake careful planning to avoid the disaggregation rules, if that is possible.
25906	Tradesmen might want to consider investing in training to keep up with these new advances in technology.
25907	Trade Union Matters, Associations etc.
25908	Trading reserves for major (GAAE) and small (GAAH) research facilities may be transferred to GAAE /GAAH as appropriate to ring-fence reserves for future investment in the facility.
25909	Trading the bitcoin is certainly not for the fainthearted!
25910	Traditionally, CVI stood for Cortical Visual impairment.
25911	Traditionally, instructional designers would have presented all of the key facts about how fraud can harm a business at the start of the course.
25912	Traditional WC rims provide an ideal habitat for bacteria.
25913	Traffic is moving well.8.04 miles from Hammersmith.
25914	Trago Mills shopping experience.
25915	Trained by Sir Michael Stoute for that success, he joined South Yorkshire trainer David Griffiths ahead of the 2016 season and has finished third in the last two renewals of the Investec Corporate Banking 'Dash'.
25916	Trainee Consultants interact with the training team, their line-managers, colleagues, candidates, and future clients from the very beginning.
25917	Trainees will obtain general Rheumatology experience throughout the region (including peripheral clinics in Arbroath, Brechin and Perth) and there are also specialist clinics such as Lupus, Vasculitis and Systemic Sclerosis at Ninewells hospital.
25918	Trainer Freddy Head raced the Werthheimer & Frere-owned gelding over two-mile trips last season, but since returning to a mile he has notched up nine consecutive wins, with the last five in Group One company.
25919	Training also takes place at the (Islington) and in our community clinics in Camden and Islington.
25920	Training and courses help HR Managers to administer employees including attracting, developing, training and retaining personnel.
25921	Training at the academy is delivered within thesupportive learning environment of the University campus.
25922	Training can also be undertaken through other schemes – the VQ fund and the Employee Development Initiative, for example, while the Finance Division offers support for assistant staff who wish to pursue accounting and purchasing vocational qualifications.
25923	Training can be done at a fully equipped training centre in Bury or on your own site.
25924	Training courses are run by operational firefighters, all of whom have a wealth of experience and are devoted to ensure that each of our customers receive professionalism and the best quality of service.
25925	Training is delivered to a group of staff at your workplace, or other appropriate local venue.
25926	Training takes place at the Support and Training Headquarters at Netley, however candidates and trainee Special Constables on the Isle of Wight will do most of their training on the Island.
25927	Training will also be delivered by the faculty impact officer to help apprentices build their skills and knowledge relating to the impact agenda and routes to achieving impact.
25928	Train Taekwondo Schools and Jackson Whites Taekwondo Schools are hosting Clash of the Clubs 2016 on 1st October 2016 at Bedworth Civic Hall.
25929	Tramping the hills, valleys and coastline of the islands will be transformed by this easy to use guide which highlights where each featured plant was photographed and gives both English and scientific names and, where appropriate, the local Shetland name.
25930	Transforming outdoor areas is our speciality.
25931	Trans is an umbrella term used to denote people whose gender identity differs from the gender assigned to them at birth, while gender diverse and non-binary can denote individuals who experience their gender identity outside the binary of men and women.
25932	Transit Custom is filled with ingenious and practical features that will help you work more easily and efficiently.
25933	Translated from the Russian of LAJETCHNHLOPP.
25934	Transportation is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to and from all London and national airports.
25935	Transportation Services has a retention schedule in place to ensure that information is only held for as long as it is needed.
25936	Transport for London (TfL) has a Lost Property Office that has been making Christmas a time of joy for disadvantaged children by giving lost toys and games to The Salvation…
25937	Transurethral incision of the prostate (TUIP) may be suggested for a slightly enlarged prostate that is still causing symptoms.
25938	Trapeze taster workshops, silent disco, cake competition and interactive cookery classes will also be returning to this year’s festival.
25939	Travel and lunch expenses will be provided by Gingerbread.
25940	Travel down to Farmer McColl’s farm for the Thomas & Friends Exhibition, where you’ll see the original set from the Thomas & Friends TV show.
25941	Travel insurance can give piece of mind in the event of the unexpected occuring.
25942	Travelled into bath city centre (May bank holiday) and we were parked within 20 minutes.
25943	Travellers should make sure these rates are better than their bank and check all the small print.
25944	Travelling into the Atlas Mountains is also an off-the-beaten-track experience that you won’t forget.
25945	Travel on budget with Loveholidays!
25946	Travis Perkins Maesteg turn hallowed turf into cabbage patch!
25947	Treating yourself and your home to a stunning bouquet of flowers shouldn’t be thought of as an over indulgence.
25948	Treatment is available from doctors in state healthcare centres, but you will be charged 2 euros per visit.
25949	Treatment of rain scald involves keeping the skin dry after a careful warm water antibacterial wash.
25950	Treatments include: Aromatherapy, Thai style massage, Hot stones massage,Indian head massage, Hopi candles, Body scrubs and wraps, Facials, Waxing, Manicure and pedicures, Calgel - semi permanent nail varnish.
25951	Treat yourself to an unforgettable spa break at Telford Hotel & Golf Resort.
25952	Tree reports and advice in planning and construction.
25953	Trees are protected if they are the subject of a TPO, or if they are within a Conservation Area.
25954	Trees can pose some problems when you’re undertaking landscaping works, especially one of this size.
25955	Tree Shepherd has a wealth of experience in helping give people the confidence to know that they can be an entrepreneur and can turn their lives around.
25956	Trees pollarded every year to keep growth in check.
25957	Trentham Estate wins 'gold' AGAIN from VisitEnglandThe attraction impressed inspectors for the third year in a row.
25958	Trent Lock is at the confluence of three late 18 Century waterways – the Loughborough Navigation (1778), the Erewash Canal (1779) and the Trent Navigation (1787).
25959	Tresco sits just 30 miles off the coast of Cornwall and is all sub tropical gardens, swaying palm trees and blissful sandy beaches.
25960	Tribe Telecom is an integrated supplier of business telephony, including unified office solutions, mobile and cloud services.
25961	Tribology is fundamentally important to the functioning of many kinds of mechanism, both artificial and natural.
25962	Tributes have been paid to the 27-year-old who died in a car crash late on Wednesday night.
25963	Tried two different machines – same issues.
25964	Trigger e-mails can be sent out when new products are available that are similar to what a user has purchased in the past.
25965	Trinity has outstanding collections in so many areas, and I hope to get involved in research in all of them, but the medieval manuscripts are a good starting point.
25966	Tripod, camera and gadgets slung over shoulders, I made the stiff climb up to the viewpoint, hundreds of metres above the steep valley.
25967	Trip to Calais for Refugee kitchen.
25968	Tristan, of Oak Close, Ottery St Mary, explained why they were taking on their cycling challenge.
25969	Tristram Riley-Smith, Chairman of SeeQuestor, said: “SeeQuestor was created to answer a critical need of law enforcement agencies: to improve the costly and time-consuming process of reviewing video footage.
25970	TRL is committed to achieving and maintaining the highest standards of health,.
25971	Trotsky knew that in order for there to be any hope for socialism in Russia, the revolution needed to spread to other countries.
25972	Truck tyre safety Given that they are a vehicle’s only contact with the road, it may be surprising how apparently common is the lack of care and attention to the tyres of a truck or any other kind of heavy goods vehicle.
25973	Truely Everthing is an internet café which serves food and drinks to customers using the computers.
25974	Truly stunning one bedroom modern apartment in the popular area of Lower Clapton Road in Hackney.
25975	Trump STILL won't publicly declare support for John Kelly – but insists he is so 'totally opposed to domestic violence' that 'it wouldn't even have to be said'
25976	Trusted Plumbers in West Yorkshire We are trusted plumbers in the Huddersfield area, we cover many areas in West Yorkshire such as Halifax, Leeds, Wakefield.
25977	Trusted Traders are assessed by trading standards professionals, if they pass the assessment they can join the scheme and be endorsed as a Which?
25978	Try adding hashtags that are related to your business location or the areas you want to target.
25979	‘Try different careers until you find the right one’
25980	Try either sticking your elbow out at 90 degrees, or if that doesn’t work, rotate the device in your hand so that when your hand reaches your ear, the hearing aid is in the correct orientation.
25981	Try: “I’ve heard people can get porn on their mobiles – what do you think about that?”
25982	Try Land Explorer now, find out about the land around you, and help us develop a platform that makes land work for everyone.
25983	Try not to duplicate customer data.
25984	Try not to eat the whole 300g box of fudge at once.
25985	Try not to worry about this, it’s all part of the process and isn’t as daunting as it sounds!
25986	Try out a career.
25987	Try out where those aged 8+ can get behind the wheel and race on a bespoke circuit right next to the world rallycross track, battling it out as a family or challenging for the fastest lap of the weekend.
25988	Try this each and every diet trick, suggestion, and procedure from many the very best veggies during the battle against weightloss.
25989	Try this trick for student florists, hair and beauty therapists and caterers.
25990	Try to ensure that the person wipes themselves properly after using the toilet, or help them to do so if this feels appropriate.
25991	Try to get in the habit of pausing after asking “Hey Siri” so you can be sure that it is listening.
25992	Try to line them up symmetrically across your bouquet - the best way to check this is to look down at the arrangement from above.
25993	Try to provide the kind of information your (most sceptical) buyers are interested in finding out.
25994	Try to schedule at least 30 – 45 minutes of rigorous activity at least 5 times a week.
25995	Try triangles, square frames or circles.
25996	Try writing down a few of the thoughts and feelings you’ve had so you’re prepared.
25997	TS Elliot famously said, ‘Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
25998	TSM customers will confirm reliability, a level of unparalleled quality of workmanship and a customer orientated approach.
25999	TT have finally suggested an engineer to come and "fix the issue".
26000	Tucked away in a rural backwater, time has passed it by.
26001	Tucked in a deep bay guarded by two cliff-top fortresses, this Spanish gem is steeped in history.
26002	Tudor Michelmas At the time of mists and mellow fruitfulness.
26003	Tuesday: Crossing the pond On the 19th of May Louise and I (and WonderMonkey of course) gathered up our presentation things and a bucket of courage and we travelled to New York.
26004	Tuesday's performance was just wonderful.
26005	TUI should be very proud of their team onsite too who worked tireless each day and nothing was ever too much trouble.
26006	Tumble drying your nappies will leave your nappies soft and fluffy, even just a 10 minute burst will do.
26007	Tune by Mike Gabriel, who found the words in a book of poems but can’t now remember the book or the author.
26008	Tune : “Work Song” as sung by Harry Belafonte.
26009	Tunnel, cage and Larsen traps have been used throughout the spring to help protect the wild birds on the shoot.
26010	Turbo boost your driving lessons, put your driving lessons into overdrive and rev-up the fun of learning to drive with Intensive Driving UK.
26011	Turnaround provides intensive full-time (25 hours a week) day care interventions over an eleven week period for groups of up to eight young people.
26012	Turning a dark galley kitchen into a bright, usable living space proved no trouble for Cardiff building firm Project One Wales.
26013	Turning cookies off may result in some of our website features not functioning.
26014	Turning the Tide - A major report from the Housing & Finance Institute - ThanetWe use cookies on your computer or mobile device to help make this website better.
26015	Turning your holiday home ownership dream into a reality can be more affordable than you might think.
26016	Turn into the path before the perfumery.
26017	Turn left along this until reaching a bridge over the Fionn Choire; immediately after this turn right onto a path that again heads up steeply through the trees.
26018	Turn left at the mini roundabout into Station Road, continue as the road becomes Dedmere Road and after approximately ½ mile turn left at the end onto Newtown Road.
26019	Turn left, crossing the road bridge over the East Lyn River.
26020	Turn left on road and go over a bridge (647731) and follow the road uphill in a wide leftwards sweep.
26021	Turn left on the road, towards the River Thames, and cross the road to join a raised path on the right hand side of the road.
26022	Turn left through buildings then right along farm lane to road.
26023	Turn right along the drive.
26024	Turn right onto Hollow lane, then in 100m veer left onto a bridleway leading to Friday Street Road.
26025	Turn sharp right onto Clipstone road.
26026	Turn the dough 90° and repeat the process once more.
26027	Tutorcom Language Courses provides Arabic language lessons locally aroundand all over Sussex.
26028	Tutor Com Languages provide German classes aroundand all over Surrey.
26029	Tutorcom only supply professionally trained teachers.
26030	Tutorcom UK have a proven record of successful language tuition and are led by a management team of foreign language experts.
26031	TV and telephone points, wall mounted radiator.
26032	TV cameras followed the Grimsby in Bloom team around on their return to the regional gardening competition.
26033	TV down for 5 days, broadband no connection for 2 weeks, telephone out of order for 9 days all on seperate occasions.
26034	TV service Freesat claims that it has added 6,000 new homes in the three months to the end of June.
26035	Twell to Captain GB & NI in BulgariaNEWS: All the action from the European Cross Country Championships is live on the red button from.
26036	Twenty characters is the maximum that you should use for a good domain name, ten is even better.
26037	Twenty died in stabbings, five in shootings and one of multiple injuries.
26038	Twenty members are nominated by Essex County Council, three by Southend Borough Council and two by Thurrock Borough Council.
26039	Twin bedded rooms with Bath/WC, Shower/WC, Telephone, Air Conditioning, TV, Safety Deposit Box*, Heating.
26040	TWISTING cotton, shovelling coal and sweeping floors probably sounds…
26041	‘Twist & Lock’ system erases the need for screws!
26042	Twitter apologised for it happening.”
26043	Twitter is also used as a complaints platform by many – although the length of the messages means that a complaint that starts on Twitter will often have to be resolved through another method of communication, such as email.
26044	Twitter only allows 140 characters but that doesn’t mean you have to use them all every time you tweet.
26045	Twitter tools like a Twitter scheduler and Twitter analytics tool can help you focus on building great content.
26046	Two AE grade suites at the forward end of Deck 9 have a second bedroom -- ideal for families.
26047	Two and a half years later, the pain hasn’t gone but I’ve found a place for it, to contain it.
26048	Two challenging workshops provided insight into the stereotyping often faced by men and women on the route to rehabilitation and the barriers they have to overcome.
26049	Two customer service pods will be introduced by the main entrance and the study/quiet area to ensure that staff are available to assist customers.
26050	TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM home with a spacious kitchen/diner, open plan living room, large rear garden & available mid June.
26051	Two double panelled radiators, feature fire with marble surround and wooden mantel over, feature electric fire, uPVC double glazed tilt and turn doors provide access to the rear garden, coved and smooth ceiling.
26052	Two earth and sleeper walled silage pits with concrete floor with effluent channel to collection chamber.
26053	Two first time buyers got the keys to their new home from the Housing minister as he toured a new development in King’s Lynn.
26054	Two Fringe Festivals return this summer – Hastings Fringe Comedy Festival, between June 13-17, and Hastings Fringe Festival, throughout July.
26055	Two further double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes.
26056	Two garden sheds and dog kennel are to be included in the sale.
26057	Two keys or a key safe as we often went our separate ways during the day.
26058	Two Legion XX tiles suggest legionary connections (Blockley, K, 1989a).
26059	Two members of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) were killed in King Street, Belfast, when the bomb they were transporting exploded prematurely.
26060	Two months later the granted women the right to choose.
26061	Two months later the United States started air strikes against Islamic State forces in Iraq, later being joined by many other states, including the UK.
26062	Two new classes this year - THINK SMALL.
26063	Two of our specials volunteered their free time to help with the security at the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
26064	Two of the 73 names on the war memorial do not qualify for inclusion in the Government’s 1921 publication, Soldiers Died in the Great War 1914-1919: Philip Deacon and Lt Colonel Lacey Johnson.
26065	Two of their offerings, Otter Head and Otter Bright picked up awards at the 2015 Taste of the West Awards, so you know you’re in good hands.
26066	Two of them have extensive reed beds.
26067	Two of them have their own homes, another had hostel accommodation and the other two declined any housing help.
26068	Two of these bedrooms benefit from large south-facing bay windows overlooking the park.
26069	Two of us share a buggy, can we both insure it?
26070	Two or three flint flakes were found but were not in themselves enough to indicate a settlement.
26071	Two panel members have undertaken a project to establish how well the Force embeds ethical practice into the training of new recruits.
26072	Two path openings onto the pavement leading up to the main entrance.
26073	Two points follow.
26074	Two properties that together can accommodate parties of 22+.
26075	Two red pressure gauges with centrally positioned needles show the oil temperature and water temperature, a last nod to the R5 Turbo.
26076	Two things always strike me when I visit Vienna.
26077	Two things I am desperate to do and see.
26078	Two things really - canoeing my first grade 5 white water in the Alps; and surviving my first parachute jump after being pushed out!
26079	Two-thirds of high seas stocks are overexploited and/or depleted.
26080	Two trams were identified as possibly being involved and the next day the staff member sent an email back asking for more information.
26081	Two young brothers from Bury St Edmunds, who both have an incurable muscle wasting disease, are in with the chance of getting a garden of their dreams.
26082	Twyford Berkshire's Facebook page has more than 3,000 members, and Twyford Together's website is also popular.
26083	Typically we ask people to apply to us with an idea that meets a certain set of criteria.
26084	Typically you might spend 30 per cent of your income on living for today.
26085	UA92 will also create a unique partnership with Trafford College which will give students aged 16-19 years old access to high quality technical and professional qualifications combined with a joint enhanced skills development programme.
26086	U-Boats were less likely to venture up here.
26087	UCU wants to build a strong trade union culture across the whole of the sector, and we recognise that there are problems such as widespread casualisation and other unfair working practices in all grades.
26088	Uddingston is perfect for commuting to Glasgow, with the station just a short walk from the development you’ll find trains running every half hour taking just 15 minutes.
26089	Uddin was sentenced on Thursday to 10 years imprisonment.
26090	“UKAD’s message is clear.
26091	UK Business Funding Solutions provides finance for small businesses in the UK.
26092	UK committees are made up of 10-25 business experts and act as focused, decision making forums for all policy activity.
26093	UK insulation manufacturer Xtratherm is the first company to be included in the certification listing of the new BRE Global Certified Thermal Details and Products scheme.
26094	UK may be, "headed towards the bottom of the G7 growth league"
26095	UK Medical Research Council (MRC) research grant: 36 months, 2017-2020, £481,203.
26096	UK MEPs who supported this report think that we should continue to be EU members.
26097	UK: our plans are no longer determined by the timetable of organisations transitioning onto the platform.
26098	UK spending on initiatives to help unemployed and disadvantaged workers in the labour market is significantly supplemented by EU funding such as the European Social Fund (ESF).
26099	UK states that in England alone, around people has a personality disorder.
26100	UK tax relief is not available on any contributions to a QNUPS and these payments may be made from other sources of income, in addition to relevant UK earnings.
26101	Ulster Gazette - News - Speculation mounts on Papal visit to city.
26102	Ultimately, it will be the politicians with red faces, as more people fall into arrears and the social housing space, as they can’t afford private rents anymore" says James Davis, chief executive of online lettings agency Upad.
26103	Ultimately, the benefits come back to weight reduction.
26104	Ultimately, when the Government struggles with procurement for its projects, it’s often the taxpayer who loses out.
26105	Ultrafast broadband is an Internet connection rated at 80 Mbps download or faster.
26106	Ultraviolet (UV) light treated milk containing increased levels of vitamin D has been authorised for sale in the EU.
26107	Umbria is renowned for it's picturesque medieval towns.
26108	Unable to find a site in the City, they first set up the Finsbury Technical College.
26109	Unaffected by flooding, the venue is hosting a two day Winter Warmer festival on December 18 and 19, and regularly hosts craft fairs, film nights, theatre and more.
26110	Unai Emery - the new Arsenal coach at the Emirates.
26111	Una Smith - Runcorn and Widnes WorldWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
26112	Uncertainty over the future still haunted the ICAEW’s results, however.
26113	Un-check the Web Content tool link.
26114	Under 10s: Orrell St James 30 vs 0 Portico.
26115	Under 14s need to be accompanied by a responsible adult, as the facilities are not supervised.
26116	Under a separate email, automatically generated, the subject leader will be sent a secure password.
26117	Under a Tory government there was a growing sense that British manufacturing was losing ground to its German and American rivals and that their solution was to launch an employers' offensive.
26118	Undercliffe Road is a road in North East Bradford with various businesses.
26119	Under conditions of stress, such as starvation or extremes of temperature, cells require different proteins to be synthesised than normal in order to aid and promote their survival.
26120	Undergraduate and postgraduate students may not apply.
26121	Undergraduates will be expected to be able to construct a powerful and clearly expressed argument in essay form.
26122	Underground bin systems are used extensively in Europe and smaller underground bin schemes exist in the UK.
26123	Under gunwale and overhead lighting make this a great space for al fresco dining.
26124	Under Health and Safety guidelines, operators of forklift trucks have to be retested at regular intervals.
26125	Underhill featured in the Royal Institute of British Architects' 150th anniversary Festival of Architecture (Yorkshire region) in 1984.
26126	Under new plans, Islington Council will require all landlords to apply for a licence for properties that are occupied by three or more people, when properties are split into two or more households.
26127	Under new rules introduced in April 2017, all large UK companies are required to publish specific information regarding their payment policies, practices and performance - including the average time taken to pay supplier invoices - twice yearly.
26128	Under no circumstances suggest a game that involves sharing!
26129	Under section I of the Police (Property) Act 1897 a person can apply to a magistrates' court for an order for the return of property or for a statement from the police as to why they think retention is still justified.
26130	Under Sharia law, men are able to divorce their wives without their agreement or active participation in the process, by pronouncing the phrase ‘I divorce you’ (‘’ in Arabic).
26131	Understairs storage cupboard, radiator, TV and telephone point, wall mounted electrical fuse box, coving to ceiling and upvc double glazed bay window to the front elevation.
26132	Understand children’s needs in relation to emotional well-being.
26133	Understanding, documenting and controlling access to essential services systems and functions.
26134	Understanding homeowners Run a number of training sessions for external contractors so they more fully understand homeowners and their expectations.
26135	Understanding how addicted/not addicted I am is something I need to understand about myself.
26136	Understanding how customers move around stations could help us to manage disruptions and events more effectively, deploy staff to best meet customer needs and ensure a safe environment for all.
26137	Understanding how structures deep in the brain are involved in cognitive tasks is important to help us understand how the brain achieves complex thinking tasks and also to help us understand how these processes might go wrong.
26138	Understanding the genetic effects and genes that enable these processes is critical for both wild ecosystems and crop species.
26139	Understanding the response of the cryosphere to climate change is a critical component for understanding the response of the planet to past and present radiative forcing.
26140	Understanding the role of a diverse workforce – not just at the basic level of that in mandatory training, but being able to articulate the positives and benefits to patient care – was the bedrock of the programme.
26141	Understanding the sandwich generationInheritance tax - where to start This week saw the release of our inheritance tax checklist.
26142	Understand the nature of philosophical problems.
26143	Undertake an investigative research project of your own interest, and at the end of the year present the results in the form of a dissertation and as an oral presentation.
26144	Undertake hydrographic surveys within the port to establish the safe and efficient navigational channel.
26145	• Undertaking project work organised by the Board.
26146	Under the bonnet, buyers get a choice of the brand's usual four cylinder Ingenium 2.0-litre units, with a choice of 180 and 240PS outputs.
26147	Under The British Wool Marketing Scheme of 1950, the BWMB is required to register all producers with four or more sheep (with the exception of Shetland, which has its own arrangement).
26148	Under the Climate Change Act 2008, the government is required to set out and consult on its strategy for climate change adaptation reporting.
26149	Under the contracts, a proportion of a provider’s payment is determined by the reductions in reoffending they achieve.
26150	Under the Data Protection Act anyone processing personal information must comply with the eight principles of handling information.
26151	Under the direction of Jaq Bessel and Bryan Hodgson, this interpretation is fantastically original and laugh-out-loud funny.
26152	Under the government's new proposals, designed to end the exploitation of would-be buyers, 'ground rent' payments on new build homes could be banned completely.
26153	Under the headline of ‘Creating a modern office space with growing room’ the feature recalls our clients delight with the work we have done as well as including some great photos of the new office.
26154	Under the new scheme, residents would join schools, community groups and businesses to form energy co-ops.
26155	Under these agreements, governments will exchange information about these assets and income with the residence territory.
26156	Under the terms of the Mortgage Deed, the property must be sold at no less than the value approved by the Council.
26157	Under the theme “What Bullying Means To Me”, the week-long campaign provides an opportunity to focus on our understanding of what bullying is all about.
26158	Under this innovative scheme, owners of properties that have been empty for more than 12 months can apply for an interest free loan from the Council to fund the renovation works needed to bring their property up to a lettable standard.
26159	Underwritten by AXA Insurance and other reputable insurers.
26160	Undetected gas leaks could cause your home to go up in flames, leading to massive loss of property and life.
26161	Undeterred by being run out of the BNP and allegedly losing herself the role of London’s Mayoral candidate for the BNP, Khaw settled down to life with a different group of Holocaust deniers and neo-Nazis.
26162	Unfold the tape then place one stitched flag on top of it so that the top of the flag meets with the fold.
26163	Unfortunately, and detrimental to the health of hearing impaired people, the average time between a hearing loss becoming evident, and the affected person seeking professional advice is 10 years.
26164	“Unfortunately David Coulthard and Paul di Resta were missing but around 20 of us got together for a shindig.
26165	Unfortunately during this phase of play, loosehead prop Jack Mangan received a shoulder injury and had to go off.
26166	Unfortunately employees who are not yet parents, or do not have parental responsibility for a child aged under 16, do not qualify to join the childcare voucher scheme.
26167	Unfortunately, everyone just put their head in the sand.
26168	Unfortunately for sprinter Elliot Jones, the weather thwarted his efforts to make it north of the border, but distance freestylers Max Murphy and Marcus Johnson were on form.
26169	Unfortunately, he was unable to reduce inflation rates or effectively deal with social inequalities.
26170	Unfortunately, however, there is no simple, yes or no answer to this particular query.
26171	Unfortunately, it also revealed a rather sticky, glutinous deposit of an as yet unknown nature.
26172	Unfortunately, it is not always as simple as this.
26173	Unfortunately it was fully booked otherwise I would have been there.
26174	Unfortunately many are not diagnosed until later due to refusal to accept there is a problem and family being unable to push for a diagnosis.
26175	Unfortunately, no pets and no smoking.
26176	Unfortunately RDA cannot use horses/ponies under the age of 5 years old.
26177	Unfortunately, the future of the bus service is under threat after Scottish Borders Council has indicated they will not be continuing funding when the current contract ceases in August this year.
26178	Unfortunately, the game wasn't exactly a runaway hit, and ESO was forced to scrap its subscription fees in 2015.
26179	Unfortunately, the novel focuses only on an isolated group of fighters in south west Ireland, who never hear of the impact their struggle has on the outside world.
26180	Unfortunately, the results of action photography can be disappointing.
26181	Unfortunately, there was a collision with a slower car on the straight toward the end of the race.
26182	Unfortunately there was one fatal collision in Essex on the day of the operation.
26183	Unfortunately, we cannot keep our prices for driving lessons in Shrewsbury this low forever.
26184	Unfortunately we don’t supply any adaptors.
26185	UNFURNISHED Ground floor flat in super central town location giving easy access to Sleafords many amenities.
26186	Unhappy with this response and worried about her money, Mrs L complained to us.
26187	Uninformed out of the loop - A review of Tucker Gardner by Anon To Be honest I havent so far been impressed with the way in which they have handeled our application.
26188	Uninterrupted views are reserved for the front-row Junior Executive Suites and Executive Suites, which have a secluded terrace for extra privacy and a large private seawater pool (heated April to mid-May and late October).
26189	Uniphone Amplified Telephone Textphone is a must-have for anyone experiencing hearing loss.
26190	Unique family home on a large elevated south facing site with bespoke living and spilling with space.
26191	Unique photography exhibition demonstrates the wonder of science and engineering with a collection of images so small they are invisible to the naked eye and can only be seen using a special microscope – visitors simply need to find them!
26192	Unique security step as Kirklees Council secures empty town centre building with a 'guardian'
26193	UNISON education works hard to improve terms and conditions, highlighting issues that affect staff, ensuring workplaces are safe and making sure our members’ voices are heard.
26194	Unit 10, Plot 7, Gilston Road, Saltash, Cornwall PL12 Unit 10 is an industrial unit with the benefit of full height profile metal cladding, with internal block walls under a pitched metal decked roof.
26195	Unit 4, Hammerton Street Industrial Estate, Bradford, BD3 9RD.
26196	United Nations figures from 1995 show that the average income in the Occupied Territories is the second of the Arab countries.
26197	United’s treble hopes were going up in smoke.
26198	Universal Credit, if it is ever rolled out, will make things even worse, warns Deakin, by forcing more workers to seek out casual work to supplement their hours.
26199	Universalism, universal design and equitable access to the built environment.
26200	Universities are able to tailor their work to meet local and regional demands.
26201	Universities need the autonomy and flexibility to make decisions for themselves.
26202	University director of admissions, Dr Geoff Parks, said he was disappointed by the findings, but voiced concerns over the study's reliability.
26203	University employees on can therefore remain in possession of the bike and equipment for the full length of their maternity leave.
26204	University of Derby Online Learning (UDOL) is the thriving distance learning division of the University of Derby.
26205	Unless and until domestic law is changed by legislators in the UK, the Government’s position is that legal rights and obligations should ‘where possible’ be the same after we have left the EU as they were immediately before we left.
26206	Unless otherwise stated each course equates to 15 credits.
26207	Unless specified, restrictions from stations other than Liverpool Street are determined by when the service arrives at or departs from Liverpool Street (or Stratford where trains start and finish there).
26208	Unless the apps you use are particularly graphically intense, it might not matter to you though.
26209	Unless the burn is very small, go to hospital.
26210	Unless, this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
26211	Unlike a tenner that slipped down the back of the sofa, it won't just reappear, so you'll need to put in some effort.
26212	Unlike many other traditional agricultural shows, the Henley Show has continued to go from strength to strength in recent years.
26213	Unlike naval sailors who often went unpaid for extended periods - in 1741, Admiralty officials estimated that naval seamen and officerswere owed £1,600,000 - Scarborough's mariners appear to have been paid regularly.
26214	Unlike someone studying straight physics, we don’t have regular labs in first and second year.
26215	Unlike soyabeans, Paris rapeseed futures (Nov-17) closed up marginally (€0.75/t) on the month (25 May – 21 June), at €362.25/t on 21 June.
26216	Unlike the last invasion, which murdered a legitimate government that protected Christians; as well as a whole load of Christians themselves (and locals) who got in the way of much 'precision' bombing.
26217	Unlike today when it is largely regarded as a hobby, in Elizabethan times knitting was an on-going task.
26218	Unlike traditional translation companies, we pair together translators who, like ourselves, are native in one language and fluent in the other.
26219	Unlock the perils of employing staff, work out what it is you need to be doing each day in the running of your business, how James` failed limo business cost him £100k and provided the biggest lessons in life, and much more.
26220	Unresolved issues are now being examined by a TRL study and key to the discussion is how to access in-vehicle data, with three technical solutions being put forward.
26221	Unsure which version you’re using?
26222	Unsurprisingly, after this experience the family moved south, and Catherine rarely returned to the north.
26223	Untargeted metabolomics integrated with proteomics revealed that hypoxia induced many changes in lipids metabolites.
26224	Until 1949 this school provided a full education, covering all subjects until third year.
26225	Until 1972 the British Library formed part of the British Museum.
26226	Until now, all Buy to Let borrowing.
26227	Until now the contamination control flooring and mats, used in factories and hospitals, have only been available in plain colours.
26228	Until now there has been nothing on the site to explain its significance, both for its history and as a nature reserve.
26229	Until the early to mid-1950s this was not quite such a fatuous notion as it became later.
26230	Until then, please refer to the technical and detailed advice within the Building Design Guide (1987).
26231	Until Walter White comes along, production of the drug has been in the backrooms of drug distributors in the most unhygienic conditions.
26232	Until you are 18 years old, by using our online services, you certify that your parents have or legal guardian has consented to your use and agree to these terms on your behalf.
26233	Until you close your browser Essential for some interactive features of the University website such as online forms.
26234	Update 23:08 (Tuesday 29th December): Mains power has now been restored to College Bank.
26235	Updated for new version of lookup 13AUG.
26236	Update on fair usage restrictions.
26237	Update on Hearing Impairment Unit at Emmbrook Infant and Junior Schools - Wokingham Borough News CentreThis site uses cookies to make the site simpler.
26238	Updates are published on the website but not routinely sent to the council except in cases where a council has opted for full integration.
26239	Updates processed using form F-08 or the online update facilty are linked with your existing registration, and protected from the date we process the application.
26240	Upgrades to After Effects CC, Premiere Pro CC, Character Animator and Audition can be downloaded from your Creative Cloud application now.
26241	Upheld claims in respect of shortage,damage or defect will be rectified either by National Museums Liverpool Trading making up shortages or replacing goods free of charge or by refunding the cost of the goods in question to you.
26242	Uploading configuration changes to devices is an important task and requires due care and in-depth knowledge of configuration syntax.
26243	Upload your CV and set up job alerts specific for the type of role that you are looking for so you never miss an opportunity.
26244	Upon arrival, the first thing we notice is the pile of silage bales, stacked high beside the tractor shed and wrapped in candyfloss-pink plastic.
26245	‘Upon consideration of the Court’s explanation in Part II, Braham may discover that mere pleading Band-Aids will not fix the bullet holes in this case.
26246	Upon entering Syston, turn right at the small roundabout onto the High Street, and then take the 2nd turning on your right onto The Green.
26247	Upon entry to Division One the requirement to do so during the 2017 season was not met.
26248	Upon entry, via the entrance hall, access can be gained to the first floor landing, and also directly into the sitting room, which is front aspect and has a fireplace as its main focal point.
26249	Upon successful application, the team will contact you regarding payment of your Chartered membership fee of £240.
26250	Upon successful completion of your course you will hold all qualifications to the expected industrial standard.
26251	Upon the closing of the option, Newmark's public stockholders own approximately 9.8% of Newmark's 233.6 million fully diluted shares outstanding.
26252	Upon your graduation from Queen Mary, you automatically become part of the Queen Mary Alumni Network, a vibrant community of over 140,000 former students around the world.
26253	Upstairs and by way of a reception style Landing, the three Bedrooms are all generous doubles, two of which have substantial fitted wardrobes.
26254	Upstairs there are five double bedrooms, all of which have built in wardrobes, the master and guest enjoying en suite facilities.
26255	Upstairs there are three double bedrooms (two with fitted wardrobes) and a family bathroom with a shower over the bath.
26256	Upstairs there’s a more Victorian vibe with comfortable red leather chairs and red and cream tablecloths.
26257	Upstairs you have a large spacious landing, a 15ft master bedroom with a built in wardrobe and beautiful vaulted beamed ceiling.
26258	Up to 12 you’ll probably need a local alarm system and above that you’ll need a fully fitted building alarm.
26259	Up to 40 races are held each day over the course of the week with more than 8,000 competitors taking part in the event.
26260	Up to £7.83 per hour, increasing to £8,50 per hour after probation.
26261	Up to £90.00 CashbackFaster Broadband with TV Plus - £24 a month for 12 months (£25 box Cost).
26262	Up to an additional £100 will be available to every project (on request, via the lead artist) in order to help participants cover travel, accommodation or other access costs.
26263	Up to date information on responsible sourcing‐sustainability and ethical sourcing.
26264	Up to six colour photographs can be submitted for any category entry.
26265	Up to two children under the age of five can accompany each fare-paying passenger free of charge.
26266	Up until 2009 my husband Mike was the Operations Director for ServiceMaster Limited and on retirement became a Director of Merry Maids of Leicester.
26267	UPVC double glazed window to the front elevation and a central heating radiator.
26268	UPVC double glazed window to the side aspect, radiator, pendant light fitting, storage cupboard and doors to all bedroom and bathroom.
26269	Upvc Windows In Caerphilly double glazing companies reviews can be added using the form below.
26270	Urban street poet and winner of Amnesty Internaional’s youth poetry award, Yusif Tarajia, will perform along with Dionne Mitchell, former support artist for Amy Winehouse.
26271	Urgent and emergency care – ensuring urgent and emergency care is easy to use with one point of access, and that all stroke patients receive initial care in a specialist unit.
26272	Urgent priority repairs are where the welfare of the resident or the fabric of the property could be compromised if left unattended.
26273	Usage of the Visitor counter had declined and it did not appear to improve selling success.
26274	“Us begins with u” means putting your interests first.
26275	Use all the top-third pivot roof window‘s functions easily with one handle – positioned at the bottom for better accessibility.
26276	Used Black Diesel Ford C-MAX for sale at English Ford for just £14,395.
26277	Used in food and beverage takeaways, non-cardboard egg cartons and CD/DVD cases.
26278	Used Mercedes-Benz S Class cars for sale at drive24.
26279	Used Renault Scenic cars for sale at drive24.
26280	Used Toyota Rav4 cars in Sittingbourne from Grovehurst Cars Ltd Warning: For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
26281	Used tyres in Bromley are our main focus.
26282	Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID.
26283	Use each other’s qualities, like in team sports.
26284	Useful for experienced learners interested in applying for medical posts in Germany.
26285	Useful websites containing travel plan examples are detailed in the attachment.
26286	Use higher deposits, advanced rent and guarantors cautiously.
26287	Use HostPapa Website Builder to make your website compatible on all devices.
26288	Use Inspired Gardens across every aspect of the project or just simply for ideas and advice.
26289	Use it or restore it.
26290	Use linseed and teak wood oils to not only protect but to nourish wooden surfaces.
26291	Use of antibiotics is irrational.
26292	Use of computer animation.
26293	Use of part ground and basement floors as gym/ health club/ fitness studio (Class D2).
26294	Use of population genetic data to infer oviposition behaviour: species-specific patterns in four oak gallwasps (Hymenoptera: Cynipidae).
26295	Use of the building and grounds is free.
26296	Use of this booth is restricted to trained users of this equipment.
26297	Use one of our Tesco discount codes or vouchers and save even more!
26298	Use our viewing windows to take a peek into studios used by the Asian Network and BBC WM; as well as the production gallery which puts the news on air.
26299	User A would like to send user B an encrypted message.
26300	'User involvement' in service development can mean different things.
26301	Users have the opportunity to stay mobile while exercising their vital functions.
26302	Users of exposed showers may adjust the height of the showerhead with the help of sliding rail kits and hoses.
26303	Use surveys such as Child Email Use and SafetyChild Internet Use and SafetyChild Facebook Use and Safety to assess child-safety consciousness.
26304	Use the Full text search to search for specific information such as full name, address etc. Remember that this is a search of the entire text and as such cannot approximate spellings.
26305	Use the map below for directions to Hunstanton.
26306	Use them at different temperatures, or bridge them to use the entire surface when you're cooking for a larger group.
26307	Use the scorer to substitute; if the player is subsequently able to carry on then change back to the original rotation.
26308	Use this feedback to decide whether your business should develop and offer a mobile app too.
26309	Use this form to contact the KFH Crystal Palace Lettings team.
26310	Use this incredible ebookers voucher code to enjoy £60 off your trip when you spend £500 or more!
26311	Use this Marine Enzyme Face and Body Salvation as part of your daily beauty treatment.
26312	Use this template to be creative and make your own Tudor neck ruff.
26313	Use this to submit quarterly antibiotic consumption data to PHE.
26314	Use to make mince pies or fill baked apples or serve with cheese, pork or lamb.
26315	Use us as a base.
26316	Use your first year (your marks often won't count towards your overall degree mark) to make mistakes and get to grips with the style of learning at university - and remember to enjoy it!
26317	Using a 60% LTV, the average mortgage size becomes £130,800.
26318	Using a business adviser for automatic enrolment?
26319	Using all 1,080 jets in the unique fountains we created four St George’s Crosses which illuminated the Square as dusk fell.
26320	Using a non-Arada part can affect the way the stove operates, and in some cases, result in damage if the doors cannot close properly.
26321	Using a range activities and settings we will work closely with the young person to support them in identifying their learning and social needs.
26322	Using a technique applied for centuries in the production of handmade windows, a blown cylinder of glass is heated and cut, falling flat under its own weight.
26323	Using cryo-EM, Domagoj Baretić, in Roger’s group revealed that ATM is in a dynamic equilibrium between inactive and active dimers.
26324	Using her natural artistic ability and experience as a make-up artist, Jordana created a brand for both professional make-up artists and the public to use and enjoy.
26325	Using infrared technology, this tool dries your hair whilst you brush and retains natural moisture to ensure hair is left smooth and free from frizz.
26326	Using luxury yarn spun in the North of England, and weighing a light 245 grams per meter, this cloth is the lightest flannel produced by Fox.
26327	Using our API, the service can be easily integrated into your tills on the shop floor, the CRM in the office and the website for the general public.
26328	Using our Central Control Gateway you can also add our light/dimmer switches, power sockets, open door/window sensors etc. all devices within you system can be controlled and monitored using PC, Tablet or Iphone from anywhere at any time.
26329	Using our electronic survey service and transformed approach to data collection is already having an impact on engagement, with close to 40% digital returns.
26330	Using parental controls Check what restrictions you can put in place, most devices or internet access will allow you to have parental controls available.
26331	Using remarketing you can target people who have visited your website, but for whatever reason did not purchase or make an enquiry.
26332	Using smartcards on rail in the south east of England: what do passengers want?
26333	Using techniques that have only been theoretical up to this point is really nerve- wracking at first.
26334	Using the forensic analysis, the Challenge Advisers would identify genuine need for further development.
26335	Using the latest technology, this collection is available in 60x60 large format 10mm thick.
26336	Using these 5 points as a guide will ensure the best chances of success in those hard to fill hires.
26337	Using these all the time, however, can put unnecessary strain on your car's battery and make it less fuel-efficient.
26338	Using the search box is just easier, no matter how experienced the user.
26339	Using these services without contacting the suppliers is illegal.
26340	Using the skills and talent of social workers to tackle the social determinants of mental health problems is crucial to improving the lives of service users.
26341	Using this type of transfer is often cheaper than sending money through your bank.
26342	Using this variability is difficult with the sterility and lack of seeds, and because of widespread translocations suggested by preliminary cytogenetic work.
26343	Using your Ethernet cable (yellow ends), connect your device to any of the yellow Ethernet ports on the back of your Hub.
26344	Usk town offers a range of small traditional rural shops, coffee shops, pubs and restaurants while Cwmbran - which is less than 4 miles away - offers a Bowl Plex, Vue Cinema, Community Farm and a host of cafes, restaurants and large retailers.
26345	US officials in the 1980s sold arms to Iran to bankroll a secret war against Nicaragua’s left wing government.
26346	USS has introduced an arrangement called Enhanced Opt Out.
26347	Usually, ANPR consists of a camera linked to a number plate reading device.
26348	Usually charged on mortgages over 75% of the house value.
26349	Usually have the newest cars in stock, which will often be better cared for and have lower mileages.
26350	Usually it is the user of the equipment who must hold the licence.
26351	"Usually people realise that it's a neighbour and don't call the police, but at three in the morning you can't fault them for thinking it's something more suspicious."
26352	Usually the damage is only cosmetic and the plants recover, but you might have to discard some parts, like spinach leaves, for example.
26353	Utilising the latest equipment to diagnose and treat patients.
26354	Utility/boot room with washing machine.
26355	Utterly Butterly is one of the leading brands on the Supermarket's dairy shelves.
26356	UU used our OPEX costs with their own CAPEX estimates to calculate the TOTEX impact and assess the favourability of proposed interventions at the sites modelled.
26357	UWE academics guided the recruitment of an appropriate partner and set strategic direction for the change transformation, which involved successfully managing stakeholder participation and outsourcing software development activities.
26358	Uxbridge College is a Further Education college in the London Borough of Hillingdon.
26359	Vacancy for an experienced and enthusiastic Pre-School Manager to lead our team.
26360	Vacant properties are rare and often out of the price range for most.
26361	Valentina apparently enjoyed her visit to the Birthplace, which Levi Fox recalled “seemed to give her great pleasure”.
26362	Valentina Harris is a celebrity chef, author, broadcaster and lecturer.
26363	Valentin, who accurately predicted that Prince Albert and his girlfriend Charlene Wittstock wouldn’t tie the knot, is so convinced that he placed a bet on it back in September 2007.
26364	Valerie donated to a man she has never met and she was told the transplant was a success.
26365	Val Garside, HR Director, said: “We are really pleased to be rolling out this new benefit and providing an additional helping hand to our employees.
26366	Valladolid has been constructed on an ancient Mayan site.
26367	VA London do buildings like Rolls Royce do cars.
26368	Value Added Tax (VAT) is tax that is charged on most business transactions in the UK, and the issues and questions raised around this particular tax make it one of the most confusing to navigate.
26369	Vandals are damaging older trees by lighting fires underneath them while young trees are becoming vulnerable to deer due to their tree tubes being set alight.
26370	Van drivers would like to see more investment in repairing the UK’s potholes, according to new research.
26371	Vanity Fair said Solo is likely not the movie Lord And Miller would have made, but said Howard's version "knows its place".
26372	Vant release their debut album in February 2017 and you can win a pair of tickets by telling us the name of one of their singles?
26373	Variants in strong correlation with rs10116772 have been associated with elevated plasma glucose levels and diabetes.
26374	Variation of Condition 5 of planning permission 12/00395/FUL (occupancy condition) dated 29 June 2012, to temporary lift restrictive condition for three years.
26375	Various aspects of the E-CELL project are receiving support from the public purse in both Spain and Germany.
26376	Various celebrities, including Christopher Biggins, Paul Sinha and Helen Lederer, will be on hand signing autographs and merchandise, plus numerous traders open to visitors and regular free quizzes throughout the afternoon with prizes to be won.
26377	Various events are planned over the summer including a table top sale on June 9, stalls at this weekend’s Carnival and August’s Plum Fair as well as an auction and art exhibition.
26378	Various size halls and meeting rooms for hire.
26379	VAR :: Spa Cycles, Harrogate - The touring cyclists specialist.
26380	Vatican II alterations included the removal of alter rails, a pulpit and a wooden screen across the side chapel.
26381	VCs have a lot of experience managing that short-term expectation.
26382	Vehicle downtime remains one of the most challenging and costly aspects of Fleet Management.
26383	Vehicle owners in the Dungannon area are being asked to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour following an incident in the town.
26384	Vehicles run on electricity are also given many tax breaks.
26385	Velindre Cancer Centre is using the stories of its patients and their treatment to help improve the care given to future patients.
26386	Veneers work relatively quickly and can be used to fill gaps between your teeth.
26387	Ventilate your greenhouse and water the plants inside.
26388	Venture westwards and the Lake District with its romantic history and breathtaking scenery is a real treat.
26389	Venue owner Stratford Town Trust has announced theatrical production company Proon Productions, is in the final stages of a contract agreement to take on the coveted role.
26390	Verbal warning to both.
26391	Veronica considers herself lucky to have been able to sing some fabulous leading soprano roles in opera such as the title roles in “Tosca” and “Lucia di Lammermoor”, Fiordiligi in “ Cosi fan Tutte” and Leonora in “Fidelio”.
26392	Veronica tells me this will be her 7th leading role in a Verdi opera!
26393	Versions included 3-door and 5-door hatchbacks, a 207 SW, a 207 GTi, a 207 van, and the stylish 207 CC with retractable hardtop roof, which was the last model in the 207 range to go out of production in November 2014.
26394	Very clean an tidy example.
26395	Very comfortable cottage although a bedside light might have been good!
26396	Very difficult to get touch with them.
26397	Very disappointed and spoilt the shopping experience.
26398	Very dog friendly pubs and we particularly enjoyed the beer gardens to the rear of The Pig and Whistle and The Royal Oak.
26399	Very excited to see what’s next for you guys.
26400	Very friendly and collaborative environment.
26401	Very friendly and helpful team, would recommend you.
26402	Very friendly staff too.
26403	Very fruity palate with a clean minerality.
26404	Very good customer service from knowledgable staff.
26405	Very good instruction book.
26406	“Very hard getting race ready in time but made it to my first 1500m final!
26407	Very impressed, from start to finish has been professional and efficient.
26408	"Very informative and good networking, visited all the stands and found them all very useful"
26409	Very kind and thoughtful hosts and easy and clear directions/instructions.
26410	Very low runing costs.
26411	Very nice ambience to the dinning area.
26412	Very nice item sitting out on a well cut lawn.
26413	Very pleased, hotel was very quiet, good-sized comfortable bed & bathroom spotless.
26414	Very pleased with the quality of the product.
26415	Very pleased with the work and price.
26416	Very professional company from admin to fitter.
26417	Very rarely the cells grow slowly or do not grow at all if the cell culture fails.
26418	Very thorough piece Tim and well said.
26419	Very, very pleased, thank you.
26420	Very well equipped for self catering.
26421	Very well equipped villa.
26422	Vessel sinks sit on top of the vanity, rather than the traditional recessed sink you commonly see.
26423	Vestd believe that holding a piece of equity, however small, in a business has the potential to transform a person's relationship and interactions with it.
26424	VetCompass studies aim to provide unique insights that can improve animal welfare and support the human-pet bond.
26425	Veterans in Sefton is supporting the ‘30 Days of Sefton In Mind’ Campaign – to spread the word about local services and activities available to people in Sefton to improve their mental health.
26426	Veteran spinner Gurdev Singh played a big part in Jer Lane’s win by taking 6-20 as they bowled out Gildersome & Farnley Hill for 109.
26427	VGA leads to connect a desktop computer/laptop to a monitor.
26428	VIBES (Vision in Business for the Environment of Scotland) is Scotland's leading business and environment competition which recognises commercial success achieved by improved environmental performance.
26429	Vice-Convener and Committee Chairs AppointedFollowing today’s Special Meeting of the Full Council the following appointments have been made -
26430	Vice versa going back towards Pentwyn.
26431	Vicious Cycle & Alternatives (PDF) to map out your own thoughts, feeling and behaviours, and generate some healthier alternative thoughts and behaviours.
26432	Vicky and Danny had their ceremony at Braughing Church, Hertfordshire, moving on to a beautiful marquee at Bury Green Farm to celebrate with friends and family.
26433	Victim reports being involved in a play fight which resulted in a bruise on his left arm.
26434	Victims have the right to request a review of a decision to discontinue proceedings or offer no evidence in a case.
26435	Video Design is by Jack Henry James and Casting by Jim Arnold.
26436	Video feeds are being distributed to Press rooms and studios inside Parliament Buildings in order to allow broadcasters to record the feed using their own equipment.
26437	View Cambridge Climbing and Caving Club profile»
26438	Viewers are not given specific names or text to support each individual image, but rather an archival numbered format.
26439	Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the lovely family home.
26440	Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate this country home.
26441	View of St Mary's, the old medieval parish church of Willesden, situated in a spacious churchyard.
26442	View our menus and book a table online or give us a call to find out more.
26443	View our online catalogue or order our fully illustrated binder catalogue, or phone and speak to our experts.
26444	View our range of cooking machine accessories and bring versatility to a whole new level.
26445	Viewpoint Series: Pledges, Puzzles and Policies: What's in Store for Innovation and Enterprise?
26446	Views across the golf course were great and the wildlife was fantastic.
26447	Views over the roof tops to the sea.
26448	View the PowerPoint presentation of the Understanding Inequalities event.
26449	View the profile page for any food supplier on this page for more details or to add a review.
26450	Viking River Cruises was so different and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
26451	Viktoria adds: “When Chelsea played Arsenal in the women’s cup final this year, 12.6m people watched the game and over 45,000 people were in the stadium.
26452	Villa Dream Dos has has 2 air conditioned bedrooms.
26453	Villa was pretty, spotlesly clean and everything you might need is there.
26454	Villazón’s early career as a member of Daniel Barenboim’s Deutsche Staatsoper in Berlin was evidenced in a couple of jarring Regietheater tics.
26455	Vintage Featherwate Stick with lightweight metal shaft & folding seat.
26456	Vintage Leather Wallet/ Purse (made in England)JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
26457	Violet Niarchos can’t recall the affair that gave her a child.
26458	• VIP treatment from our Corporate Hospitality Team.
26459	Virgin Media allows you to keep your email account open for 90 days after you switch – before it deletes it forever.
26460	Virtuoso Legal are Intellectual Property specialists, and have been established for almost nine years.
26461	VISA applications may not be at the forefront of a traveller’s mind when hotels and flights are in the equation, but not having one when journeying to certain countries can end your holiday before it’s even begun.
26462	Visited Cambridge and booked here in January on the recomendations of this page.
26463	Visit Group HomepageThere are few cars in the world more iconic than the Ford Mustang and up until now the US had the monopoly when it came to driving the muscle car.
26464	Visiting a port of call on a one-day visit to a foreign place is a whole lot different from spending a week at a resort or in a hotel.
26465	Visiting Skipper House on Ber Street in Norwich was especially interesting as I remember the building when it was Elliot House, the industrial tribunal office.
26466	Visit one of our many convenient neighbourhood car rental locations in Little Rock or rent a car at Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport (LIT).
26467	Visitors and community organisations within the CVRP will be able to upload photographs to continue the record.
26468	Visitors are welcome at a cost of £6.
26469	Visitors can choose to buy items from more than 120 stalls.
26470	Visitors to such clubs on other dates (not a guest day) may not shoot at the club until such time as they have been accepted as a probationary or full member.
26471	Visitors to the UK must not intend to marry here, so if you are planning on marrying in the UK you must apply for a marriage visit visa to allow you to do that.
26472	Visitors to V&A Dundee will experience the remarkable story of design past, present and future, and the vital contribution design makes to all our lives.
26473	Visitors will expect their cart to be in the top right corner, for example.
26474	Visit Paddy Power using this link and get your hands on these and many other great offers.
26475	Visit Ping On for an authentic taste of the East.
26476	Visit Ripon Cathedral with history reaching back to the 7th Century.
26477	Visits to the town by important people were sometimes celebrated by arches of chairs which were erected across the High Street between the Guildhall and the houses opposite.
26478	Visits will be two hours in duration.
26479	Visit the 11th and 12th century ruins of Abergavenny Castle and take a look around the Museum which is housed in the lodge atop the Norman motte.
26480	Visit the GROHE Group website for facts and figures about the company as as well as information for Investors, Press, Supplier and International Project Planner.
26481	Visit the Registration Services websiteYou need to register a birth within 42 days of the baby being born.
26482	Visit this Gothic abbey and find out!
26483	Visit www.shakespeare.org.uk to book or find out more.
26484	Visit your council’s website to see what’s on offer near you.
26485	VITAL road improvement works will be carried out in Oban next month.
26486	Vitamin E is rich in anti-ageing properties and is wide-known as the ‘Youth Vitamin’.
26487	Vivup: Employee Benefits SchemesGive your staff the chance to enjoy the latest technology in a more affordable way with our Home Electronics scheme.
26488	Vladimir shares his experience of studying and living in Dundee and tells us why he thinks Dundee is the perfect city to study, live and work.
26489	V. little counter space in kitchen.
26490	VOC (Volatile Organic Compound) biomarkers present in breath can be analyzed with high sensitivity and selectivity in Owlstone Medical’s breath biopsy services laboratory, or in a researcher’s own laboratory.
26491	Vodafone have always been well aware of this.
26492	Vogue Bed’s specially-designed Sports Therapy Mattresses help to repair and regenerate the body after a hard workout or training session.
26493	Voices are raised together, not separately, and through this you might meet new friends or find someone in a similar situation as yourself, looking for the same kind of reassurance and support.
26494	Volkswagen is inviting designers, programmers, developers and interested users to help develop applications for the Infotainment sy…
26495	Volkswagen’s most super, supermini has been with us for a good while now, and we’re pleased to say that the latest Polo is just as loveable now as it’s ever been.
26496	Volunteering for the Early Years Portage ServiceThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience.
26497	Volunteering hours are flexible and in most cases, your hours can be discussed with the manager recruiting the volunteer.
26498	Volunteering Opportunity - Volunteer Kitchen Assistants needed at The Well Community Cafe, Do you love cooking and community in equal measures?
26499	Volunteers can choose any green space to survey: this could be a rural or urban garden, an allotment, a park, or a green space near to work, as long as the site is within 200 metres of a building.
26500	Volunteers have regular stalls in the Outpatient Department, selling bric-a-brac, and organise raffles and tombolas.
26501	Volunteers of all ages and backgrounds make a huge and often unseen contribution to the health and wellbeing of the nation, giving their time, skills and expertise to support the NHS, charities, faith and belief groups and their own communities.
26502	Volvo Sailing Academy Also in 2013 Volvo launched the ‘Volvo Sailing Academy’, in a quest to ‘get the country sailing’.
26503	Voted Best Newcomer at 2012 British Awards for Storytelling Excellence.
26504	Vouchers come in books of five, which cost £5, and each can be given to people begging as an alternative to handing out cash.
26505	Vue IMAX Cinema, Cheshire OaksThis event has expired.
26506	Waistlines across Britain are continuing to expand, with around six in ten adults being classified as either obese or overweight.
26507	Wakefield Museum is a stimulating and vibrant part of the new and prestigious Wakefield One building in the heart of Wakefield.
26508	Wakefield Road Valeting Services is a car valet company offering a range of cleaning services for various vehicles.
26509	WAKEFIELD Trinity head coach Chris Chester admitted the 27-26 defeat to Hull FC was “gut-wrenching” but insisted his side will turn things around soon.
26510	'Wake Up Europe!
26511	Wales win a free-kick on the far side.
26512	Walk around your home before its built with TruVision using state of the art virtual reality, with the ever so popular, Oculus Rift!
26513	Walkers rejoice: the Black Mountains and Offa’s Dyke are close.
26514	Walkers/runners are asked to raise at least £25 sponsorship per person for the marathon and at least £15 per person for the Clapham Circuit.
26515	Walkie-talkies, and closed circuit television.
26516	Walk in designated walkways as much as possible.
26517	Walking closer to home now and The Marlow Society Local History Group Committee is organising a Town Walk on 19th May.
26518	Walking distance of town centre and station, easy access to A329 and M4, Gas, water, electric and council tax bills included.
26519	Walking Guide: Disclaimer The information given on the site has been provided in good faith, it is intended only as a general guide.
26520	Walking through SouthGate, my sister, mum, nephew and I spotted a sign for Jimmy’s and, feeling intrigued at what might be on offer, we all ventured over to the Dorchester Street diner.
26521	Walkington is an attractive village, spoilt only by traffic on the busy B1230 road, which various traffic-calming measures have failed to reduce.
26522	Walk in Shakespeare’s footsteps through the ancient streets to see the Shakespeare Houses, Royal Shakespeare Theatres, River Avon, 15th century timber-framed buildings, Shakespeare’s School and more.
26523	Walks of varying lengths, all from Dudley Leisure Centre.
26524	Walk the length of this short drive and continue for a short distance on grass, and at the end turn left and go over the stile into the field.
26525	Walk to Bus Bay 4 and cross the pedestrian crossing on the right.
26526	Walk to one of two mainline train stations with links to London.
26527	Wallabies legend John Eales will be honoured with a bronze statue outside Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, in recognition of his storied 11-year career, during which he captained both Queensland and Australia.
26528	Wallpapering, painting, plasterwork repairs and flatpack assembly.
26529	Walls and even ceilings can provide great storage space, before you even need to start thinking about buying more.
26530	Walsham cruised to an emphatic 5-1 win over lowly Diss on Saturday.
26531	Walter Paford claims that Thomas Chapeleyn owes him £6 13s 4d per a bond.
26532	Wander through these alleys and you’ll come across delis for pasta and olive oil, sweet shops, and markets where local wines and cheeses are laid out ready for pre-purchase tasting sessions.
26533	Want a Christmas cake, but don't like heavy fruited cake?
26534	Want Space for Cycling in Bristol?
26535	Want to burn 500 calories in one session?
26536	Want to change network providers but keep your phone?
26537	Want to improve and protect your credit rating?
26538	Want to reduce your weekly food bill?
26539	Want to start a complaint about Jersey Plants Direct?
26540	Want to start a complaint about Swansea Metropolitan University?
26541	Want to test your skills battling a robot?
26542	Wardens can be contacted between 3pm and 10pm every day.
26543	Warm attractive character stone cottage, hot tub, wood burner, unusually well equipped, CH inc., 2 Bathrooms, flagged/oak floors.
26544	Warnings from older adolescents will usually be taken more seriously than those from parents.
26545	War was a constant feature of relations between states, and the development of constitutional states began with the military classification of citizens.
26546	Warwickshire PCT is the local NHS organisation responsible for commissioning health services to the residents of Warwickshire.
26547	Was deceptively big inside and easily accommodated 5 adults and a Labrador!
26548	Wash clothes and bedding at a hot temperature, at least 60°C.
26549	Washing up facilities are also provided as is a waste water and chemical toilet disposal unit.
26550	Washing-up liquid bottles can be refilled at Ecover refill stations, which you can find in health food stores.
26551	Washing up was heavily neglected and the finished dishes made their way up to the judges table.
26552	Was it an absent American signature to this country’s long sought Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
26553	Was it, perhaps, the broken base of a glass rope sponge?
26554	Was meant to hear back today.
26555	Was nice to not worrying about financia…
26556	Wastewater is known to be a potential source of surface water that is contaminated with C. difficile spores.
26557	Was that missing for DJ and Rory?
26558	Watch and even join in on conservation task days throughout the year.
26559	Watch Fiona drumming with The Whip on YouTube, listen on MySpace and follow her on Facebook and Twitter.
26560	Watch our National Eye Health Week emoji film and see if you can separate the fact from the fiction.
26561	Watch our video to find out more about what healthy ageing means to us.
26562	Watch our video to see just some of the stages our joinery goes through in our workshop here in Essex!
26563	Watch out for more news.
26564	Watch the full five-minute monologue above.
26565	Watch the highlights from his session here.
26566	Watch them leaving the box at dusk or look for other evidence of their presence, such as small, dry, crumbly droppings below it.
26567	Watch the video for this Mazda Cx-3 on our website by clicking 'See Full Details'.
26568	Watch this space for our future CPD events.
26569	Water is provided by: 40l portable water container with foot pump tap.
26570	Water is the ultimate local product.
26571	Water pollution can come from a number of different sources.
26572	Water sheets off the coated glass, washing away soap scum and grime as it goes, so it’s more hygienic and with less bacteria there’s less need for harsh chemical cleaners – which is kind to the environment and to your pocket.
26573	Watford is taking part in a voter ID pilot, so voters were required to bring a form of ID with them.
26574	Watford Palace Theatre, Clarendon Road, Watford, Friday, August 26, 7.30pm and Sunday, August 28, 7pm.
26575	Watford’s green spaces are some of the town’s best attractions.
26576	Waverley initially refused to take any action.
26577	Way over my head.
26578	Waypoint Systems are also specialists in search engine optimisation, and will manage your google adwords campaigns for you.
26579	WC ground floor with two high specifications fully tiled bathrooms upstairs.
26580	"We absolutely loved the drive from Kyle of Lochalsh to Lochcarron and on through Torridon"Read full testimonial.
26581	We additionally have a selection of general football gifts, including Personalised Football Commentaries and Spoof Football Headlines.
26582	We admire your collection.
26583	We advertise in all the top businesses for sale websites and can quickly match purchasers to your Takeaway.
26584	We advertise your business to the most important people to your business.
26585	We agree to meet in the southern-tip of his Bolsover constituency – at The Hub, a purpose-built facility located in South Normanton which boasts a doctors’ surgery, a library and a coffee shop, all under one roof.
26586	We aimed to determine the relevance of Truelove and Witts criteria in the Indian population.
26587	We aim to attract and recruit the highest calibre individuals, who receive an industry-leading training and development programme.
26588	We aim to be flexible to suit our clients needs.
26589	We aim to encourage a reduction in waste to landfill through fewer unnecessary purchases and an increase in recycling and re-use.
26590	We aim to facilitate, exchange and showcase existing and new interdisciplinary research on the History and Theory of Photography at Birkbeck and in the wider photographic and academic community.
26591	We aim to make sure the information provided in our property advert is fair, accurate and reliable.
26592	We aim to provide our customers with a wide range of quality support services.
26593	We aim to raise the easily achievable sum of £50,000,000 to fund a transfer bid for Sterling.
26594	We aim to see customers within 10 minutes of their appointment time.
26595	We aim to tell you our decision within six months of receiving a complete application.
26596	Weak binding to abasic DNA also suggests that UNG activity is unlikely to be coupled to the subsequent common steps of base excision repair.
26597	We all know it’s illegal to cycle on public roads in the dark without lights and reflectors.
26598	We all know that when one invests on the stock market or in such schemes, the market can go up or down.
26599	We all live with others, in our homes, streets, towns and villages, so why not show some support for your community and get involved?
26600	We all love a bonfire, let’s face it, and the excitement of Bonfire Night built as the week progressed.
26601	We all now have a better understanding of the ups and downs to working in teams, and what it takes to make the team successful in its objectives."
26602	“We all want to maintain our independence in later life, and the ability to drive gives us incredible freedom.
26603	We already have a number of people lined up to view the property."
26604	We already have a significant number of catch-ups with candidates in our diaries!”
26605	We already raced on the new circuit last year but this year we’re using different pit facilities.
26606	We already seen large numbers of clients come to us with unmanageable expectations in terms of exchange and completion – that becomes even more difficult if the client doesn’t actually know what this means.
26607	We also advise and review national (including REF sub-panel) and international laboratories and programmes.
26608	We also await the report on the survey of the membership by Professor Kinman and Doctor Roberts.
26609	We also cater for managing agents, landlords and housing associations.
26610	We also cater for weddings, sporting events, airport transfers, corporate events student chaperones, and proms.
26611	We also considered that the models looked very young, with some models appearing to be around 18 years old, and, in light of that, considered that the fashion shoot would appeal to young people, rather than an older readership.
26612	We also contacted the BTA last year and they put us in touch with another girl around Amy’s age who has tinnitus.
26613	We also deal with hundreds of landlords and registered applicants, have an independant referencing system to provide the most comprehensive checks on tenants possible.
26614	We also do Double Glazing repairs.
26615	We also ensure they have insurance and customer care schemes in place so customers can trust they are employing a competent and qualified professional who will not compromise the quality of one of most important services in their homes.”
26616	We also expect to see others added to the team over the summer.
26617	We also gold-trim and glaze jewellery fashioned from rose petals.
26618	‘We also had a lot of fun.
26619	We also have a few direct relationships with farmers, and their representatives in the UK.
26620	We also have a wide range of adapted games and toys for everyone to enjoy!
26621	We also have expert small business & contractor accountants in Marlborough.
26622	We also have expert small business & contractor accountants in Tring.
26623	We also have our Clubhouse to facilitate meetings of up to 60 delegates, and can organise different styles of catering.
26624	We also have specially commissioned Wilsontown postcards for sale and a wonderful poster showing the Ironworks in 1808 in all its glory.
26625	We also have the facility to monitor 10 telemetry beds on adjoining wards.
26626	We also inspect your Wedding Ring for any signs of wear or damage, and offer a repair service to help ensure your ring lasts a lifetime.
26627	We also, I see, recommended “a systematic gathering and analysis of information relating to applications made to the court for contact in which domestic violence is an issue” as well as “longitudinal research funded by the Department”.
26628	We also issue exit surveys at all of our events throughout the year which give parents/carers the opportunity to express their views.
26629	We also join in the fun with the local community in the evening at their social event.
26630	We also make curtains, pelmets, cushions, upholstery covers for chairs and fully upholstered covers as well.
26631	We also manage and care for the East Lothian Council Museum Collection.
26632	We also noted that Dent1st Cosmetic Dentistry & Dental Implant Centre told us that in some cases the prices in the “Free” section of the website did not reflect the current prices.
26633	We also offer a web store for IT bargains.
26634	We also offer competitive room hire and catering services, ring us on 01204 861 671 for more information.
26635	We also offer complete smile makeover at affordable prices, contact us today for a free no hassle consultation on for more details.
26636	We also offer ‘once only’ underwriting on standard unit rated schemes.
26637	We also offer oral cancer screenings and gum disease treatments.
26638	We also offer wedding rings in a variety of different widths, from very narrow (2mm) to very wide (8mm).
26639	We also play our own part in facilitating relationships and business.
26640	We also profile you for credit, fraud and security purposes.
26641	We also provide diagnostics for head and neck cancer.
26642	We also provide regular payroll management reports that show at a glance where every penny is going and also detailed payslips.
26643	We also repair faulty lifts and carry out lift modernisation for outdated elevators.
26644	We also reveal for the defining product of 2017.
26645	We also see complaints arising from lenders’ attempts to reclaim money they’re owed - particularly where continuous payment authorities (CPAs) are involved.
26646	We also specialize in plastering, roughcasting, rendering, guttering, upvc roof line and fascias.
26647	We also stock breads, pies, chutneys plus local wines and beers, and our free range chickens come from Saffron Walden, again to ensure great local quality.’
26648	We also tend to establish the layout of the users landing pages and arrange the dashlets in accordance to client instructions.
26649	We also treat them poorly, expect the most work and pay them the least.
26650	We also wanted to develop our own home grown talent to ensure a continued pipeline of paralegals, future lawyers and support functions.
26651	‘We also want these guides to empower organisations to advocate for LGBT equality.
26652	We also want to give you information about coming into hospital and allow you time to ask any questions you have about your operation.
26653	We also want to make sure that you have a voice, and that you are listened to.
26654	We also work and speak to a variety of key forums.
26655	We also work with brokerage services to deliver tailored packages of support to meet your budget and goals, providing opportunities to develop vocational and independence skills as well as the chance to socialise.
26656	We also work with the Bumblebee Conservation Trust, which supports biodiversity schemes contributing to the halt and reverse of declines in the UK’s bumblebees by managing land in a bee-friendly way.
26657	“We always aim high when it comes to education in Inverclyde and the dedication and professionalism of the people we have working for us allows us to set the bar higher each and every year.
26658	We always ask for your consent to do this.
26659	We always have dental treatment promotions and discounts on teeth alignment please click here to contact us.
26660	"We always knew it was going to be difficult to pick up points from our first five games.
26661	We always recommend that UK firms play to their provenance and UK origins.
26662	We analysed 100 care home websites and has found that 86 provided no pricing information, 91 offered no detail on any charges made in addition to room rates, and only three care home providers made their terms and conditions available online.
26663	We analysed the ISER’s Understanding Society study, and identified key demographic markers that movers have in common.
26664	We anticipate dealing with the majority of new EFML claims within six months of receiving Application Forms.
26665	We apply the collective knowledge and full capabilities of our organization to create profitable growth through new business opportunities.
26666	We apply the term talented to children who show exceptional potential in their skills and ability in music, art, drama or sport.
26667	We appreciate that for businesses who don’t have much contact with us (if any at all), the prospect of having a customer complain to us about them can be daunting.
26668	We are able to communicate with all things in the universe; be they invisible spirit, tree, rock, animal or person.
26669	We are able to conduct internal audits across a wide range of businesses, from pensions, charities and academy schools to local authorities and law firms.
26670	We are a family run company which has been fully established for the last 3 years.
26671	We are a large and expanding company with modern premises and facilities, a professional and dedicated staff, offering a 24 hour emergency service for our clients run by our own veterinary surgeons.
26672	We are a licensed and eco-friendly independent company who can remove your scrap as well as garbage safely without mess?
26673	We are all here for you and even being able to post is a massive step.
26674	We are all obsessive collectors, but that can be said of most Designer-Makers.
26675	We are all Patient, Reliable and Friendly instructors.
26676	“We are all shocked and saddened by the horrific acts of terrorism on our London streets yesterday.
26677	We are also able to discuss your protection and insurance arrangements, to ensure that you can stay in your home.
26678	We are also able to provide awareness training for schools, although we have to make a charge for this.
26679	We are also an accredited training provider for the ECITB (Engineering, Construction Industry Training Board).
26680	We are also briefing local MPs on the need for action to prevent the creation of a new digital divide – whereby existing properties will be connected through this project but new properties will not.
26681	We are also hugely proud of Medway and what we have to offer.
26682	We are also one of the U.K''s largest sources of free diet, exercise and motivation information.
26683	We are also qualified to install Solar PV or ASHP on your existing property or new build.
26684	We are also training and supporting our environmental sustainability professionals towards full IEMA Membership and Chartered Environmentalist status.
26685	We are always happy to discuss requirements before you make an application.
26686	We are a multi disciplinary arts organisation aimed at providing varied arts performances and workshops to people of all backgrounds.
26687	We are an award winning, main dealer group based in East Anglia.
26688	“We are anticipating a delay to all services this morning due to a section of the being closed,” Stagecoach.
26689	We are a SE19 recommended dentist specialising in rejuvenating dentistry, orthodontics / invisalign, clear braces, tooth whitening and root canal treatment.
26690	We are a short walk across the canal by footbridge.
26691	"We are asking people to take precautions if they're out and about on our rivers and streams by covering up and using a good quality insect repellent.
26692	We are a small, locally run business who aim to provide the best possible service at the best possible price.
26693	We are a thriving minicab,courier and chauffeur company working since 1979.
26694	We are at the forefront of technology, and I get to experience that first hand through the work I do.
26695	We are a unique 'drop in & pay as you go' centre ideal for those who wish to keep fit but without the expense of a monthly gym membership.
26696	We are awaiting the Reasoned Decision from the CAS Panel as to why the first Whereabouts Failure was not upheld.
26697	We are based in St. Johns Wood London.
26698	We are both retired.
26699	We are building a purpose built, state-of-the-art Critical Care Centre.
26700	We are commissioned to provide a service to Young Carers and their families across the boroughs of Islington & Camden.
26701	We are committed to advising you about what will best suit your individual property before you decide to make such a significant investment.
26702	We are committed to continuing to carry out research and offer teaching on modern slavery.
26703	We are committed to ISO 9001-2000 as the minimum standard on which to base a programme of continuous improvement.
26704	We are committed to the highest standards of openness and accountability.
26705	We are committed to the prevention, deterrence and detection of bribery.
26706	‘We are concerned about many commercial events in public parks,’ says Nicola.
26707	'We are concerned, for example, that the LAA insists on the provision of advice from a fixed office location that cannot be changed during the term of a contract.'
26708	"We are concerned that decisions made in haste on these two planning applications will affect the lives and health of people in the area for years to come.”
26709	We are confident we can continue to build upon the results and ROI we have delivered to date”
26710	We are constantly working on the optimization.
26711	We are currently expanding and are looking to enhance our close-knit, small team.
26712	We are currently exploring options around how future exit checks may operate, and how the e-Borders system can support this.
26713	We are currently looking at getting a team of The Community SpeedWatch (CSW) Scheme, which has been developed by the police and local highways, to work with local communities to help reduce speeding through communities.
26714	We are currently slightly behind on reading meters and we are working hard to get back on top of this, please keep checking your for the most up-to-date comparison.
26715	We are dedicated to customer satisfaction.
26716	“We are deeply saddened and shocked by the recent vandalism of the ornamental bridge at Clumber Park” said Beth Dawson, general manager at Clumber Park.
26717	We are delighted that Rufus, our 1XV and 1VII Captain, has been selected to play for the Great Britain U18 7s team.
26718	We are delighted that the first product has moved by rail, to complement our shipping and road capability.
26719	"We are delighted that Xcite has offered to help out again.
26720	“We are delighted to be joining such a positive and ambitious initiative as Generation Study Abroad.
26721	“We are delighted to be working in close partnership with the National Gallery.
26722	We are delighted to have had so many wonderful, funny and creative entries.
26723	We are delighted to welcome director David Schumacher for a Q&A following the screenings.
26724	“We are delighted with Insight Data, who even at such an early stage in our relationship has really gone above and beyond for us,”
26725	“We are delighted with these achievements whilst being able to maintain a wide range of option choices.”
26726	We are dog friendly!
26727	We are editorially independent Mindful Money is editorially independent.
26728	We are effectively sleeping on the hard shoulder of the A1 and something must be done to prevent these lorries from using unofficial routes.
26729	We are encouraged that the Government has now issued more tangible support via Governmnent Backed Loans for impacted contractors through the Enterprise Finance Guarantee Fund.
26730	We are equally passionate about rider safety and undertake our FireBike duties on a voluntary basis, either in our own time or, when circumstances allow, on a detachment from our normal operational duties.
26731	We are examining the roots of those issues and the job of the historian is to explain and interpret those nuances.”
26732	We are expecting Stagecoach to make this feed available over the coming weeks.
26733	“We are extremely lucky to have them.”
26734	We are focusing on high quality and meaningful work experience post-16.
26735	We are fully compliant with financial protection requirements through the registration and licensing arrangement we have made with the relevant authorities.
26736	We are Gas Safe Approved - North London.
26737	We are going to also focus on collecting seasonal items, starting with Easter eggs at Easter and moving on to sweets at Halloween and finishing with advent calendars at Christmas.
26738	We are going to ask you what you feel about the various lecture courses and practical classes.
26739	We are gratified by the compliments of many visitors who have appreciated the bright, cheery cleanliness of the school, and by its happy atmosphere.
26740	We are growing fast and are looking for forward thinking, motivated, creative and hardworking individuals to help us achieve our mission.
26741	We are Happy to announce two early career postdoctoral opportunities based in the Islam-UK Centre (Department of Religious Studies) at Cardiff University.
26742	We are happy to come to your offices in Windermere to discuss your website design or digital marketing needs.
26743	“We are happy with the squad we’ve got and it is no disrespect to the players we have — we would just like to add some competition to make sure there is pressure on every position.”
26744	We are here to answer your queries and help you settle into your new life within the University and the local community.
26745	“We are here to reach new people with the hobby, and on a social basis, and I think since – and with the city centre looking a lot nicer – we have had more people coming in from different places.”
26746	We are holding a Scottish stakeholder event in Glasgow on Tuesday 20 June on Ofcom’s consultation on holding the BBC to account for the delivery of its mission and public purposes.
26747	"We are honoured to have a musician of the calibre of Mike Lovatt working with and performing alongside our pupils.
26748	We are however particularly keen that lenders provide their detailed assessment of the likely impact of these proposed rules.
26749	We are in an industry to compete with, not collude with one another.
26750	We are incredibly proud of the British design and manufacture of our inspection cameras.”
26751	We are in division five and open to complete beginners with links to the university wide development sessions so people can learn the basics of the game with professional coaches.
26752	We are just in the process of updating the UK Hagerty Price Guide, which will be published online in early October 2017.
26753	We are keen for the Level 3 validation process to be as helpful as possible to organisations in planning their disability-related work.
26754	We are known in the industry for our strict criteria when it comes to finding our local cleaners because we only choose the most reliable domestic cleaners in Tisbury.
26755	We are Legal Expert, a trusted legal advisor who works with some of the country’s top solicitors in the field of Personal Injury Law.
26756	We are located on top of a hill in a semi rural location in the picturesque village of Ridgeway, 15 mins from J30 of the M1.
26757	We are looking at ways to improve these areas of communication via email & the website.
26758	We are looking for a junior Property Manager to manage a large portfolio of residential properties located throughout Edinburgh and further afield.
26759	We are looking for a partner that will present exciting broadcast proposals, bringing this event to life whilst ensuring brilliant basics are delivered on the technical aspects.
26760	We are looking for a range of committed individuals for a variety of roles, ranging from area managers to stewards, from attraction assistants to general workers.
26761	We are looking for people to work hours, ideally between 16 - 20 per week, including some weekend work, so flexibility for the role is essential.
26762	We are looking for projects that provide tailored support, advice and advocacy to enable people to address difficulties and be in a better position to improve circumstances and plan for their future.
26763	We are looking for the most efficient, effective way of delivering that support, and nothing is off the table.
26764	“We are looking forward to working with the Westhill Episcopal Church and their team to deliver a building that the Church and local community can thrive in for many years to come.”
26765	We are looking to bring on board a talented General Manager – Soft Services.
26766	We are lucky to have a dedicated college position for the teaching of statistics.
26767	We are not able to offer advice and all advice should have been sought before contacting us.
26768	We are not engaged as programmers or hardware technicians, so for us technical aspects are only important insofar as they alter how the film creates or represents a particular sensual environment.
26769	We are not given the depths of their characters.
26770	We are not responsible for the content of the alerts.
26771	We are not your average Motorcycle Shop; the staff here are day in day out motorcyclists, who take great pride in their work and customers with their specific motorcycle needs.
26772	We are now accepting submissions for poster presentations at next year's conference.
26773	We are now extending the existing work carried out so far into a study looking at school-based and university-based teacher educators in both Norway and Germany.
26774	We are now looking to recruit an excellent student to join our team to carry out this exciting project, if you are interested please do get in touch.”
26775	We are now proud to announce the short list of entrepreneurs that we have met at This is Money HQ or spoken to about their brilliant ideas.
26776	We are offering 5% off our Lily Package on selected dates in 2018.
26777	We are offering a range of packages to meet our customers' requirements with options for 2Mbps or 10Mbps upload speeds and minimum downstream targets.
26778	We are offering members and colleagues the opportunity to trek to the summit of Mount Snowdon and raise vital funds to tackle loneliness in communities across the UK.
26779	We are only a short drive from Broxted, Essex.
26780	We are open from 9-5:30 every day and from 1st June we are open from 9 am-7 pm.
26781	We are opening our gates and fields to offer the perfect camping facilities.
26782	We are open Monday to Friday.
26783	We are open Monday to Friday from 9am until 6pm and on a Saturday from 9am until 2pm.
26784	We are open to partnering with anyone who shares our aims, in order to develop solutions, gain insights and share knowledge that can be used to effect change in and similar urban communities.
26785	“We are part of a system that is under significant financial pressure but the HSC system is working collaboratively to find solutions.
26786	We are pleased to ​announce the 2017 Hillier Hopkins members and proprietary golf clubs survey report.
26787	We are pleased to be working with the University and colleges in this endeavour.’
26788	We are pleased to offer this well presented two bedroom apartment being conveniently located in the centre of Loose.
26789	We are pleased to welcome Harry to our team, which will mean that we will have the capability to meet the increasing demands of our new and existing client list going forward into 2013.
26790	We are promotional products A 10% discount across the entire printed gifts & promotional products range.
26791	We are proud that all our facilities are at the heart of sport and leisure provision in the local community.
26792	We are proud to announce that for the second year running have won the ‘outstanding employer contribution’ award for Kent Educational Business Partnership.
26793	'We are proud to be part of the wonderful programme of commemoration throughout the UK and Ireland by highlighting the achievements of women past and present.'
26794	We are proud to present a project that looks closely at the representation of women at the gallery, a subject that I feel can often be overlooked in the history of Western art".
26795	We are providing all the support we can to the families who are affected and helping them to get into work.
26796	We are registered with OCR to deliver NVQ''s in Retail, Customer Service, Business Adminitration,Assesor A1.
26797	We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office and our registration number is Z5696801.
26798	We are required to provide NHS Digital with certain datasets of information.
26799	We are saying that we see it as a deregulatory measure that may increase provision, so we need to be careful that it has no downward impact on standards.
26800	We are seeking a motivated Charge Nurse to join the leadership team within the Surgical Day Unit to help drive ongoing improvement and proactive management within the nursing team.
26801	We are seeking funds so that we can continue to make financial help available and extend access to those who could not otherwise enjoy Forest’s many advantages.
26802	We are seeking to appoint a reliable, flexible driver to join our school transport team.
26803	We are seeking to recruit a highly motivated, skilled and knowledgeable Business Lecturer to join our Business, Travel and Accounts Team.
26804	We are situated in Weymouth, Dorset but are happy to sell our products all over the UK.
26805	We are sorry about this, but please do keep an eye on this website, and on local media.
26806	We are specialists and good at what we do.
26807	We are starting to see more of these devices mentioned in the media however, the concept of these devices have been around for well over 100 years.
26808	“We are struggling to retain possession at the moment but we are still keeping clean sheets and earning points and that’s all that matters at thins stage of the season.”
26809	We are sure Ffinlo will be a hit with our visitors.’
26810	We are talking about one of our most important companies.
26811	We are the Government.”
26812	We are the membership organisation for businesses who want to publicly demonstrate a commitment to acting responsibly and invest in building a better society.
26813	We are the professional company to speak to when you want the best house cleaning in Uttoxeter.
26814	We are thinking about buying a newly built commercial property.
26815	We are truly delighted to be taking Vamos to Finland and beyond, thanks in large part to the work of our Creative Producer, Penny Mayes.”
26816	We are unable to accept mobile phone bills.
26817	We are unbowed and as determined as ever!
26818	We are uniquely equipped with all of the specialist skills which are essential to ensure a fair process is followed.
26819	“We are using a simple ‘registration’ system on the site to help avoid too much spam – you will only be asked for your name and email address when you register, and this will not be passed to any third party or shown on the website.
26820	We are very excited at what is going to be revealed."
26821	We are very happy with the house and the service provided by you and your team.
26822	We are working alongside government, other health charities, healthcare professionals and thousands of dedicated supporters to beat heart disease.
26823	We are working closely with employer partners to help students develop skills and attitudes to help them develop successful careers.
26824	Wearing colours that flatter your skin tone can make or break your look.
26825	Wearing number 10 but with a less than ideal start position because of seeding after Round 1 in Chile, the stage was set for the final day showdown between Joe and Nico Lau.
26826	Wear with our matching blue marl bikini top.
26827	We as a team were clicking so well and everyone was getting to know each other in order to distract from the slow ‘Kili shuffle’.
26828	“We ask all passengers to give themselves plenty of time to arrive ahead of a train’s departure as we aim to ensure each service leaves on time for the benefit of all our customers.”
26829	We asked both Opinion Formers and MPs for their thoughts on who would be the new leader of each of the three main parties in the event of a change of leadership after the election.
26830	We ask that passengers with the buggy be respectful to the needs of any wheelchair passenger who might board after them and that they will, without issue, fold the buggy and vacate the space.
26831	We ask that the planned restriction be reconsidered as it has unfair implications.”
26832	We ask you to pay a non-refundable registration fee of £75 and pledge to raise a minimum of £500.
26833	We assess logbooks three times a year – shortly after the three hand in dates that are listed on page 16 of the logbook: 10th January, 10th May and 10th September.
26834	We at DNS Accountants offer a full range of accountancy services, tailored to meet the unique requirements of clients, in Burton Upon Trent.
26835	Weather was much better and time was spent gardening.
26836	We based this podcast on the content of a recent mindstretch® on reward and recognition in lean times.
26837	We beg your hearing patiently.
26838	We believe everyone should have the confidence to enjoy the digital world safely.
26839	We believe in coaching, growing and developing our employees, with a wide variety of learning and development opportunities on offer.
26840	We believe in honesty and integrity and use these skills in the everyday aspect of our work.
26841	We believe that all of our products are of the highest quality and will guarantee everything against manufacturing defects for 1 year unless covered by a brand guarantee which can be up to 5 years.
26842	We believe that the current tariff already provides outstanding value for money for all.
26843	“We believe that the introduction of Red Routes could help ensure a smoother journey – but we want to hear all views during the consultation period.
26844	We believe that these aims will be secured only through agreement and a serious long-term commitment to Syria.
26845	We believe that this is the only one to have been made and put to use anywhere in the world!
26846	We believe this outcome could lead to further dollar outperformance vs. the rest of the G10; US stocks could also resume their uptrend in this scenario.
26847	We believe you have to be trained on a live person for us to assess you as a professional technician.
26848	Weber now have over fifty years of experience of producing quality gas and charcoal barbecues, from portable ones that can be taken to the beach through to the larger models for those of you who regularly entertain.
26849	We better put them in one of those just in case."
26850	Web fee £5 per lot.
26851	Web Hosting Overview in the menu on the left.
26852	WebLearn : Spanish : AnnouncementsSakai works much better when JavaScript is enabled.
26853	We booked a Park & Stay deal at the Holiday Inn, Gatwick.
26854	We bought a property through Connells and found them very helpful throughout the process.
26855	We bought tickets for us and our 4 children to see the 6.30pm showing of Buffulo Bill.
26856	Web pages detailing all the information on the proposed changes to the current OSPS pension scheme.
26857	We Brits generally take our cod battered and fried.
26858	Website content writing, proof reading and content enhancement features from West Web Technology to improve website quality and make your website successful.
26859	Website includes plenty of informative articles.
26860	Websites that use structured data markup are already able to differentiate themselves with high-quality rich snippets in search results.
26861	Web-sites these as Myspace, YouTube, eBay, Craigslist just to title a couple of are aiding net marketers get the term out about their products and solutions and providers in a fast and really productive way.
26862	We build futures one success story at a time.
26863	We calculate interest on a daily basis on the total balance in your account at the end of the day, at the relevant gross rate (subject to you meeting our minimum balance criteria).
26864	We call on the government to take action and remove the clear and present danger of mobile phones on our roads.”
26865	We can advise you how to build up more qualifying years for your state pension, please call us onto discuss your options.
26866	We can also confirm that there are no plans to remove any of our products from the market.
26867	We can also give feedback on individual pieces of evidence, which is great!
26868	We can also offer payment terms on most of our products, to suit your business requirements.
26869	We can also predict estimated savings and return on investment.
26870	We can also service and repair all makes of electric bike.
26871	We can arrange any length of stay and can book tee times at all golf courses.
26872	We can arrange to send out information in paper copy on request (although there may be a charge for this).
26873	We can arrange travel cards and access to talking books.
26874	We can assist with all your local delivery needs.
26875	We can be part of your team and we can work in partnership with you.
26876	We can book you a package holiday, in which case you will have one contract with the principal, or we can book the services that make up your holiday with different principals or suppliers, in which case you will have separate contracts with each of them.
26877	We can cater for all types of music and occasion.
26878	We can come and take a session during your party, or host the whole party including a session, party food, party bags, birthday cake, drinks, decorations and party invitations.
26879	We can come back to that at the end when we do questions and answers if you like.
26880	We can create a social media package that suits your individual needs in the Perthshire area.
26881	We can cut vinyl to a maximum width of 50 inch (127 cm) CCNGraphics, custom logo, team name or business information.
26882	We can deliver bulky items to your door and provide free advice, demonstrations.
26883	We can discuss with you, details of the proposal to help you prepare a better planning application so we can process it more quickly and provide you with a decision sooner.
26884	We can engrave your logo or message onto the wooden crate, or almost any other flat surface, for an original and impressive corporate gift.
26885	We can even deliver a stunning bouquet on the same day, using only the freshest stems.
26886	We can generally still look into a complaint by working together with both sides to bring together the information we need.
26887	We can handle a wide variety of dry and wet materials, including hazardous waste and dangerous goods.
26888	We can help all private customers in Acton.
26889	We can help to raise standards by giving agents the very best professional development, which they can undertake without having to leave the office.
26890	We can help with data analysis and are able to offer scrutiny on data reports by acting as an independent advisor, ensuring that the documents have been ‘sense-checked’ and are fit for purpose.
26891	We can help, with Fleet Matters and The Green Journey.
26892	We can help with functional and vocational skills acquisition.
26893	We can help you access sports volunteer placements in community groups, schools, sports events and local clubs.
26894	We can help you avoid the pitfalls of misunderstanding family-friendly rights, giving you the confidence to manage difficult legislative requirements.
26895	We can help you get into teaching!
26896	We can help you get on top of your problems, learn budgeting skills and help you claim all of the benefits you are due.
26897	We can help you make a full disclosure and calculate the tax, interest and penalties due.
26898	We can help you understand your energy consumption and translate forecasts into cashable carbon and financial savings.
26899	We can include audio, video and print-based clips and quotes on our website and in our publications, including careers-related interviews and case studies of OU graduates working for you.
26900	We can just picture the scene now, rustling up some cattle with your lasso and shouting yee-haa!
26901	“We cannot allow the Conservative Party to undermine our democracy, which is why Labour is calling on the government to scrap their voter ID plans as a matter of urgency."
26902	We cannot issue a licence unless we are satisfied that the applicant is a suitable person to carry on business as a scrap metal dealer.
26903	“We cannot provide any further details while these discussions are on-going.”
26904	We cannot seem to find the correct words to put on paper for the very wonderful and kind gift which was given in terms of the grant towards the cost of the holiday to which without this kind act would not have been possible.
26905	We can, of course, tell you if we own a piece of land.
26906	We can offer advice when the lease is granted to minimise the risk and amount of such claims for a tenant and also advise on any claims at the end of a lease, both for landlords and tenants.
26907	We can offer you a no obligation quote, Please use the contact us section of this website or call us.
26908	We can only do this when rent has been set at, or reduced to an "affordable level."
26909	We can only guess!
26910	We can only sell the Adventure Travel Insurance to residents of the UK and countries within Europe other than Switzerland, Belarus, Montenegro, the Ukraine and Russia.
26911	We can pay DHP on top of your normal Housing Benefit.
26912	We can provide a mobile service to most of our services.
26913	We can provide you with personal tailored mortgage protection advice.
26914	We can read the meters and act as key holders throughout the sale process.
26915	We can redress that inherent imbalance of power, and - unlike the claims management companies into whose hands too many still fall - we can do so free of charge and from a position of genuine impartiality.
26916	We can scarcely hope to get a better surface at this season, but I wish we could have some help from the wind, though it might shake us badly if the temp.
26917	We can see this little pooch is a keen advocate of protecting the environment!
26918	“We can still find missing Maddie”
26919	“We can tailor the courses to suit our processes at Burlington Stone and it opens up new opportunities to our workers.
26920	We can take samples from patients who do and don’t respond in order to help us understand the differences.
26921	We can’t have our cake and eat it where planning is concerned and I do realise the very difficult balancing act which councillors are engaged in. But we must stop chipping away at the Stour Valley/amenity land next to Sudbury/Cornard.
26922	We can then support you with website design and development, secure hosting, internet marketing and many other services.
26923	We can undertake extensive groundwork projects.
26924	We can work from our offices or yours.
26925	We cater for both individuals and groups of all abilities and fitness levels and operate trips throughout the year.
26926	We collect addtional information automatically about your visit to our website.
26927	We combine registration information, such as your work specialty and information about your online activity (i.e. the content you seem to enjoy most) to know you better and provide you with online content corresponding to your profile.
26928	We commissioned the Get Sufficient Partnership to undertake the research.
26929	We compared, in macaques, the effects of lesions in subdivisions of the anterior cingulate and the orbitofrontal cortices believed to be anatomically homologous to those damaged in such patients.
26930	We completed a very complex bid for environmental analysis services, comprising of 28 comprehensive narrative response.
26931	We conclude in an exhibition room.
26932	“We conclude that long allergy lists may help identify patients with PNES,” the researchers stated.
26933	We conducted an audit of everyone in our three acute hospitals who had diabetes in 2012.
26934	We consider each cat's pre-admission history along with their temperament while in our care to help determine if they are suitable to live with children.
26935	We consider each request on an individual basis, taking into account your circumstances and the details of your case.
26936	We consider subject access requests on a case-by-case basis.
26937	We consider the strained relationship contributed to the 18 month delay between the Council agreeing a fresh assessment of Mrs C’s needs using an ISW and the resulting revised care plan arising from that.
26938	We consider your fee share and hairstyle when designing a hat for you to ensure you have something that's both comfortable to wear and makes you feel amazing wearing it.
26939	We continue to look at it; there are arguments on both sides, and we need to examine the cases carefully before we rush to any judgment on this.
26940	We continue to recommend that you still carry breathalysers and we will inform passengers as soon as we know of a date for the re-introduction of the fines.
26941	“We continue to work hard to reduce our own costs and keep our prices as low as possible.
26942	“We could benefit as a profession if we can develop new metrics.
26943	We could get officers to where they are needed much faster, and they will be better trained, equipped, and prepared.
26944	We could meet at the acquareyem.
26945	We couldn’t afford to do that.
26946	We couldn't of asked for any more.
26947	We create bespoke corrugated cardboard boxes each one designed to be an exact match to our clients' requirements and we create unique point of sale display stands including countertop, floor standing, shelf ready, dump bins and pallet bins.
26948	We create content, particularly video, for websites, online channels and social media platforms.
26949	“We created chance after chance, and I was just a little bit worried at 2-1 that we weren’t going to put them away but obviously the two finishes to make it four were top drawer.”
26950	We cruise Princess for the relaxation factor and the all around great food and dinning experience--and this cruise did not disappoint!
26951	We currently apply for our funding to run these programmes and if we weren't driving investment into North Yorkshire, these programmes simply wouldn't have run.
26952	We currently offer a range of up to 150 quality pre-owned used trucks from our large stock holding based at our 7 acre site in Middlewich, Cheshire.
26953	We currently recommend Sage Line 200 & 500 for our financial systems preferred solution, and IBM Cognos for BI systems.
26954	We currently supply over 70 groups with food, which in turn provide food to 2,600 vulnerable people each week.
26955	We'd been playing together since we were about eight," says Dyer.
26956	WEDDING days – are they ever straightforward?
26957	Wedding facilities available.
26958	Weddings still take place every day at The Old Blacksmith's Shop.
26959	We decided this would be the best way to sell the property as it enables multiple buyers to view the property on the same day and given that the sellers lived so far away; we did not want to inconvenience them in any way.
26960	We decided to stop fretting, to go out and get still more of this interesting and gratifying work, and to keep growing and learning.
26961	We define precision medicine technology as innovations that enable early and accurate diagnosis which will help with patient management or therapy selection.
26962	We deliver and install in New-Malden.
26963	We delivered further infrastructure to complement our existing sewage treatment facilities in Newcastle and Sunderland.
26964	We deliver high efficiency recycling, waste-to-energy and material recovery projects, from initial feasibility, due diligence, performance monitoring and optimization, though to full design of waste facilities.
26965	We deliver so much of what matters in people’s lives through local government, from bin collections and street cleaning, to planning, housing and adult care services.
26966	We deliver your goals by being smarter than other data suppliers, and by providing even smarter data solutions.
26967	We demonstrate that these alternative forms are both biologically active with similar HIF prolyl hydroxylase activity but that they differ in their responses to oestrogen, cell confluence and proteasomal inhibition.
26968	We describe it as providing people in mid to later life with advice, services and skills.”
26969	We detox drugs, alcohol, methadone, crack, prescription drugs, heroin, ghb and all other mind altering substances.
26970	We develop and test new methodologies and approaches in response to practical issues.
26971	We develop your analytical skills, critical thinking, presentation and communication skills to help you get the most from your time at university.
26972	Wedgeheel sandals for women Refresh61953 Ant.
26973	We didn’t have a lot of time to get me in here after the operation, but my son had given Dudbrook Hall all the details about my circumstances.
26974	We didn’t have any great aspirations, but we were happy to learn on the job and she had three piglets in her first litter.
26975	We didn't really use the internet too much, but it's fast and Netflix is available if you want to watch movies at night.
26976	We didn't want to leave, and will definitely be back to stay again.
26977	We dined at the specialty restaurants for most dinners and all were pretty good, Cagney's was the best.
26978	We discovered a high frequency of retroelement insertions, accelerated sequence evolution after duplication, extensive paralogous gene conversion, and a greater than twofold enrichment of SNPs in humans relative to the genome average.
26979	We dispose of boilers, mixed waste, garden cuttings and bed & mattress.
26980	We dispose of piles of topsoil / dirt, greenhouses, beds and unwanted electricals.
26981	We dispose of topsoil, garden cuttings, white goods and piles of topsoil / dirt.
26982	“We’d like to say sorry and thank those who were caught up in any delay for their patience this evening.”
26983	“We’d like to thank John Eustace for his efforts during an entertaining two years at the helm at Aggborough and wish him all the very best for the future.”
26984	We’d like your views on what’s been developed so far.
26985	We’d love for you to come and visit us and get a taste of what it’s like to work at Shell.
26986	We’d love to give some of our international fans and families the chance to follow in my footsteps and enjoy this ‘Football House’.”
26987	We'd love to hear from interested individuals who are perhaps already working in a customer facing role and are looking for a new challenge!
26988	We’d love to know your top tips for a day out.
26989	Wednesday, 08 March, 2017It’s official – the man who can make you the UK’s best kebab is right here in Barnet.
26990	Wednesday, 29 May 2013 a charity means a trustee's involvement in the process is essenti.
26991	Wednesday 31 January, 2018Lucy Ann Waggett - LCS KentWe Love Ashbys Enforcer carpet cleaning machine.
26992	Wednesday a eek, to take measures for supporting the Preston " turn-out."
26993	Wednesday, March 14th, 2012We love leading gadget magazine, Stuff, and they usually have their eye on the ball of what’s going to be hot.
26994	We do advise buyers carefully that the discount is only valid for orders where payment is made by credit card (processed by AbeBooks).
26995	We’d often only take action once damage had already happened, rather than taking measures to prevent harm.
26996	We do get people approved who are in debt management plans though so good luck.
26997	We do not accept any liability for error or omission.
26998	We do not authorize by default who desires to use images from our negative library in any web pages or books.
26999	“We do not believe such criminality is widespread in Plymouth or across Devon and Cornwall.
27000	We do not believe that a change in status is required to improve the efficiency of the agency.
27001	We do not ''double dip'' ie we do not charge both the landlord and tenant for the same service.
27002	We do not intend to bring forward any furthe.
27003	We do not link IP address to any information that is personally identifiable.
27004	We do not need to draw attention to the events of yesterday to say that the pleas for restraint we have made over many weeks have clearly not had the desired effect on those who might have been in a position to exercise it.
27005	We do not recommend burning of green waste; recycling is a more preferable way of disposal.
27006	We don’t always get the most points but we always try our hardest to do better the following week.
27007	We don’t ask for or recruitment experience, we ask for motivated individuals that are 100% committed to achieving their goals.
27008	We don't ask for specific A-level subjects however, in general you should be in the process of studying Social Science, Arts and Humanities subjects for A-level.
27009	We don’t discount norm-referencing as an approach, but we don’t use it.
27010	We don’t go into the organisation, we help the leaders themselves present these stories to their own people.
27011	We don’t have any hidden charges.
27012	We don’t have anything to do with the acoustics or the industrial design.”
27013	We don't just do as we're told, we give you our team's marketing expertise to plan out out what is the best platform to enhance your brand.
27014	We don’t know if she was Jack’s sister, wife, Auntie, Granny or Mother.
27015	We don’t offer personal advice.
27016	We don’t take any of this lightly.
27017	‘We don’t want you now!’
27018	We do occasionally move newswires from one menu to another, but it's more likely that the newswire you were accessing has been removed due to a lack of popularity.
27019	We do our best to respond to submissions within 12-18 weeks.
27020	We do plumbing, bathroom and kitchen installations, tiling and carpentry work.
27021	We do regular exams and shows and have 15 years teaching experience with 100% exam success rate.
27022	We do this because cookies enable us to do useful things such as find out whether you have visited our website before by checking to see, and finding, the cookie we left there on your previous visit.
27023	We do this by aiming for - and achieving - international and UK standards.
27024	We do this by using a formulated resin which is injected into the damaged area.
27025	We'd prefer to offer the best value to all our customers and control our own promotions.
27026	“We’d urge people to sign up to our newsletter and to follow us on social media to make sure they stay up to date with everything we are doing.”
27027	We'd walk down to Corley Rocks and play there for the day, or we'd go catching newts and tadpoles in the ponds where Cardinal Newman school is now.
27028	Week ahead - Will it turn warmer for the bank holiday weekend?
27029	Weekend courses run from Saturday morning to Sunday evening and are open to both residents (accommodation available) and non-residents.
27030	Weekes had a previous conviction for possession of an offensive weapon: a machete in July 2016, for which he was sentenced for six months.
27031	Weekly money tips and guides from the experts, straight to your inbox.
27032	Weekly prices are from £329.
27033	We encourage active participation from our members and we welcome nominations for the Committee.
27034	We encourage all software users to participate in so you can make the most of the software.
27035	We encourage each other to do this together as a Church and by ourselves.
27036	We encourage researchers at all career stages to apply, who have skills in generating or analyzing complex data, or in communicating information visually.
27037	We encourage the use of renewable and sustainable energy devices where possible in order to minimise energy consumption.
27038	We encourage you to prepare for your career from day one.
27039	We endorse its approach of using a national policy statement and the planning process outlined in the Planning Act 2008.
27040	We enjoyed our stay in the apartment which is well located for shops and restaurants.
27041	We enjoy filling this fair will vintage stalls representing everything which was great about past era’s, all the way from the 1920s up to the 80s!
27042	We ensure our members have regular outings, bowling evenings, a Christmas party and other social activities to ensure they do not miss out on any of the enjoyment of life which we all take for granted.
27043	We even have a working restaurant and conference suite, enabling you to gain valuable experience in a real work environment with real customers.
27044	We examined whether certain HLA supertypes were associated with differential HIV-1 susceptibility in sexually exposed adults and in the setting of mother to child HIV-1 transmission.
27045	We excel ourselves by delivering high quality stunning traditional structures that radiate class and style, all fully kitted out to your specification with exactly what you need to host a celebration.
27046	We expect companies to understand their emissions and play their part in the UK’s effort to reduce them.
27047	We expect there to be significant take up in Time of Use Tariffs and this will drive competition between suppliers.
27048	We expect this work to be completed in the next two weeks.
27049	We expect to be even busier in the next few months meeting with as many local community members, businesses, elected representatives and local authorities as we can in the lead up to our statutory consultation later this year.
27050	We expect to resolve all complaints raised within eight weeks and will be in touch before then to update you on our investigation.
27051	We explore Kumbalangi Island and ride in a Tuk Tuk.
27052	"We feel sorry for Neymar but PSG are a strong team and whoever replaces him will be good for sure.
27053	We feel that keeping in touch is a good thing to do to ensure that you are kept informed of developments in the mortgage world and how they may affect you.
27054	We find that all the municipalities in the CMA increased their level of impact between 1992 and 2002, due to a larger increase in the exposure rather than the modest decrease in sensitivity.
27055	We fine-tuned Funky Pigeon's digital strategy and its results flew through the roof.
27056	We followed at 4.20, just catching the party at the lunch camp at 8.30.
27057	We found an HIV-associated vasculopathy with similar features in all risk groups.
27058	We found that the charity should have removed Mr C from its records and, subsequently, he should not have been contacted by the organisation.
27059	We found there was a disconnect between the executive team and frontline staff.
27060	We get a glimpse of the bankruptcy process in Nicholas … Nickleby, with the failure of Mister Mantalini’s business, where he goes bankrupt.
27061	We give lifetime support to serving and retired soldiers and their families.
27062	We go into the Australasian regions and quite a lot of the weight legislation is different.
27063	We got a beautiful, clean, modern room for £65 a night including breakfast.
27064	We got some good ideas and it helped me to know that we really were going to do this for real.
27065	We got the Suites, and they were absolutely amazing.
27066	We grant licences so you can work within the law.
27067	We grow by walking it.
27068	We grow wonderful fresh veggies together in a field & in polytunnels at Winfarthing & we welcome new members.
27069	We had 607 individual responses to the survey.
27070	“We had a difficult February,” admitted Amond.
27071	We had a disastrous performance in the rain at Torpids, but hopefully we'll be in better shape next term.
27072	We had a fantastic day and raised £232 for Margret Green Animal Rescue.
27073	We had a great client who challenged us to create a brand and ecommerce website which was bold and beautiful.
27074	We had a lovely holiday and enjoyed the freedom of being able to move from place to place.
27075	We had a lovely time at harptree court.
27076	We had a really cosy comfy lovely stay in the exmoor apartment over new year.
27077	We had a very enjoyable meal for my husbands birthday.
27078	“We had a very positive experience here in May 2018, perhaps helped by excellent weather.
27079	We had chosen the ‘Orkney Explorer’ tour as we wanted to get as full an overview of the islands as possible, and as soon as we left the port Kinlay began his insightful commentary.
27080	“We had good chances, we just couldn’t score from them.
27081	We had high expectations of our IIA EQA review and we were not disappointed.
27082	“We had our first dedicated server with Fasthosts over 10 years ago,” recalls Dave.
27083	We had the most fantastic wedding day and cannot thank all of the staff at the Holiday Inn MK East enough.
27084	We had the most friendliest welcome that felt like we had come to stay with family!
27085	We had the same cabin for both cruises.
27086	We had this Greek lady come to the school for a tour and I was asked to tour her round the school in Greek.
27087	We had those things pretty firmly nailed down and just as one of the key things, I think themes that keeps being brought up is the importance of getting it out there and iterating.
27088	We had three fantastic games against Castle Rushen, Packwood and King William's College.
27089	"We had three or four big ideas which we kept feeding back to and they came off.
27090	We handed over our paper voucher to the conductor and she exchanged it for our ‘official’ bus tickets, plus a map, discount voucher booklet and some headphones to listen to the audio guide.
27091	We handle your data very carefully and take this very seriously.
27092	We have 3 girls and 1 boy available.
27093	We have a beautiful range of wooden-based lighting products – featuring acacia, sheesham and Chinese fir wood – some combined with gold leaf overlays, etched patterns and subtle washes.
27094	We have about 5,000 more nurses in hospitals compared with 12 months ago, and that has made a difference.
27095	We have access to a panel of financial providers, which means that we can shop around and tailor our loans to suit your individual needs.
27096	We have a competition to win full membership to the site which includes all e-lessons, access to the private members area, …
27097	We have a dedicated distribution network and customer service team and provide a unique, online teamwear design service.
27098	We have a diverse and growing membership of 22,000 – both in the public and private sectors – living and working in over 20 countries on five continents across the world.
27099	We Have A Dream secured his fifth straight win since arriving in Britain with a dominant display in the Doom Bar Anniversary 4-Y-O Juvenile Hurdle and hopes are high he could develop into a Champion Hurdle contender next season.
27100	We have a duty to keep our regulatory functions under review and to make sure that, when we exercise those functions, we do not impose or maintain burdens which we consider unnecessary.
27101	We have a family – Teulu Jones - who are helping test and show how our different proposals could affect someone like you.
27102	We have a fantastic team with numerous years and a broad spectrum of experience so please do not hesitate to get in touch.
27103	We have a great pool of suppliers on G-Cloud already.
27104	We have a great range of whether you're a diver, climber or runner.
27105	We have a hugely diverse programme that we hope racegoers will agree really does have something for everyone, both on and away from the track.”
27106	We have a legal obligation to use your information, for example to claim Gift Aid.
27107	We have all been trying to avoid muddle.
27108	We have all different types of plastic tubs and buckets, from a range of sizes.
27109	We have all the support from the spiritual realms and have a duty to be positive down here on earth.
27110	We have a lot of questions to get through and we must get on.
27111	"We have also continued to protect those essential services which support the most vulnerable people in our community."
27112	We have also found that due to many of our customers busy working lives that many of them prefer to have a pre-arranged cleaning time to enable them to be able to leave open a gate, or just rearrange their day to accommodate us.
27113	We have also introduced our new online shop as we recognise the world now is a smaller place and we can appeal to a global audience.
27114	We have also reached an agreement with SB Cares to use a double garage at Lanark Lodge as a timber store and machine shop for converting timber into useable pieces.
27115	We have also revamped a dementia unit to improve the environment for the residents including new signage, pictorial menus and activity boards and colour themed toilet seats to aid recognition and reduce stress.
27116	We have a membership of approximately 70 young people and 14 adults who give up their time voluntarily.
27117	We have a mobile Hearing Induction Loop that can be used in our interview rooms or conference room.
27118	We have an active student-led who organise events throughout the year.
27119	We have an enticing selection available within sparkling from v and c promotions.
27120	We have an increasing population so we’ll need a bit more of that system perhaps.
27121	We have a number of experts on fraud and financial crime prevention that are available to speak at your event.
27122	We have a range of exclusive offers available on some of the most popular models in the range.
27123	We have a range of fixed and variable rates available with no fees for application and completion.
27124	We have a range of treatments on offer which will make you feel pampered and gorgeous all over.
27125	“We have around 38,000 pupils in Aberdeenshire and the majority of our pupils are well-behaved.
27126	We have a series of five leaflets highlighting walking and cycling trails in and around the area.
27127	We have a specialist team of Direct Payment advisors who can support you to set up and manage these payments.
27128	We have a video about colposcopy and abnormal screening results.
27129	We have a web page and a series of forms to help you access your data.
27130	We have a wide range of training courses and professional development opportunities available Early Career Researchers across the University of Exeter.
27131	We have been established for 15 years and remain one of the most trusted companies in the South.
27132	We have been heavily invested in US Treasuries all year (Government Bonds in the US.
27133	We have been providing Surrey wedding clients and venues with all different styles of locally based live bands.
27134	We have been stunned by Connells professional, up-to-date & systematic approach a company obviously tuned in to the modern property market, they approach the process with planned strategies & have charming efficient staff.
27135	We have been to Villefranche in all seasons, including autumn and t…
27136	“We have been using Jeremy’s accounting services for nearly 10 years.
27137	“We have been very privilged to have had as our Presidents the Machioness of Exeter, Lady Victoria Leatham and now Miranda Rock her daughter.”
27138	We have been voted the UK’s Best High Street Travel Agent, so there really is nobody better to trust with planning your perfect holiday to Alicante than Hays Travel!
27139	We have been working hard to make the changes necessary to ensure you know what we do with your information.
27140	We have begun our work in the well-defined p53 tumor suppressor network: a good model system to begin to assess the potential impact of SNPs on cancer for many reasons.
27141	We have brand new, recently refurbished large double rooms available in this professional.
27142	We have built a variety of block paving for our customers in Harold Wood.
27143	We have built a variety of block paving for our customers in Stansted.
27144	We have carried out extensive local research to ensure that the Jesus Centre meets real needs in the area without duplicating services already being provided by other organisations, so that we can really help people like Rob.
27145	‘We have chosen to dip our toes back in the water as we think the region is continuing to become more attractive.
27146	We have clear policies and practices designed to protect our young people, supported by a culture that encourages our uniformed and civilian staff, our volunteers, and our cadets to speak up, confront and disclose any concerns.
27147	“We have close to 50 players now and will be running the ‘Back to Hockey’ sessions again this year on Saturdays throughout May and June, so please come down.”
27148	We have collected the best local offers in Bedfordshire, just for you!
27149	We have combi boilers to suit your budget and space requirements.
27150	We have communities that we support and in so doing,help generate funds for them to be able to become self sufficient.
27151	We have conducted several successful stop and searches on individuals and vehicles where drugs have been found.
27152	"We have consolidated existing applications which have helped push us into leveraging new technologies being used in the industry and migrating to the use of cloud," Cooper said.
27153	We have courses with a variety of lengths and areas of focus and we're adding new ones all the time to meet the demands of our students.
27154	We have covered so many issues.
27155	We have dedicated engagement managers to focus on the needs of its members and key stakeholders.
27156	We have designed various corporate visual identities for both the public and private sectors.
27157	We have developed a special form for them.
27158	We have developed our programme to ensure your team gets the support they need to fulfil their own potential, to develop their teams and thereby help your clients and your firm achieve their respective goals.
27159	We have eliable and trusted domestic cleaners in Filton and the nearby areas.
27160	We have expanded the divisions in the business to include compliance.
27161	We have experience of acting for landowners whose land is affected by the proposed construction of HS2, whether Phase 1 or Phase 2, related rail hubs or are situated in the safeguarded zone.
27162	“We have five local groups in Diss, Harleston, Bungay, Beccles and Lowestoft.
27163	We have found it is very satisfying to measure the veteran oak and ash trees seen on the horizon from Eastfield Lane – one at 3.70 metres and quite a few above 3.50 metres.
27164	We have four cottages in total, sleeping a total of 20+ guests.
27165	We have four factory cars with strong driver teams on the grid - two with Phoenix and two with Abt.
27166	We have fruit available at registration then their snack at 4:30 but we do enphasise it is a snack and not a replacement of their evening meal!
27167	We have had a good debate, with some excellent contributions.
27168	We have had a great week at Vue des Montagnes.
27169	We have had enough of the amount of waste in Avonmouth we dont need any more the amount of noise this would generate is not wanted by the residents.
27170	We have had great feedback from customers and traders and wouldn't hesitate to use CHP for our advertising needs again.
27171	We have had lots of maintenance issues with our house and Zest have not resolved any of them in the time that we have being living here.
27172	We have immediate vacancies across West and Central London to support the salon employers we work with.
27173	We have introduced a range of new sources of information, including the Migrant Journey reports, new data on Sponsorship for students and skilled workers, and new statistics on visa extensions.
27174	We have introduced measures to ensure that anyone disqualified for drink-driving twice in 10 years will be classed as a high-risk offender.
27175	We have just launched a national digital marketing campaign to encourage even more people to apply to the fund and make Argyll and Bute a place to live, work and do business.
27176	“We have lacked consistency in the past but we’ve played the same side in the last three games which helps.”
27177	We have large print versions of the welcome folder and Donor Health Check Questionnaire.
27178	“We have long been interested in the fundamental role scientific research plays in improving societal outcomes,” they explain.“
27179	“We have long-called for the UK to lead the world in developing 5G technology, so we are pleased to see the continued commitment and extra funding from the government for new 5G infrastructure.
27180	We have lots of local people helping out with the management and we’re very proud to be working closely with the York Museums Trust.”
27181	“We have made our own enquiries and have not had any response,” says Sean Hooker, head of redress at the Property Redress Scheme.
27182	We have made some onsite changes in page titles which I am sharing with you.
27183	We have many visitors to the farm and there is lots of opportunity for people to help out with the care of the animals.
27184	We have met all kinds of groups from overseas, from France, Germany even Guadaloupe and tourism leaders from Norway.
27185	We have more news of two earlier finds.
27186	“We have named the donating options after Zulu warriors so you can donate small amounts on the Zulu Ancestor package or more than £250 on the Zulu King option with donation packages in between for differing amounts.
27187	We have no control over the content or availability of third party sites that you may access through our Services and such links are provided for your information only.
27188	We have no idea what the right balance between the rental and the owner-occupied sector is.
27189	We have no suggestions at the moment.
27190	We have no ties to any political party and we take pride in our political independence.
27191	WE have now fully described the present double government in the administration of the army.
27192	We have now partnered with Middlesex Cricket to bring you an exclusive themed day on Friday 3rd August!
27193	We haven’t hired every single person from crossfit but it’s a great place to start to find new employees.
27194	We haven't reached the level of not being able to go out in public.
27195	We haven't tested this feature to destruction, but plenty of reckless early buyers have.
27196	We have one FEMALE kitten left who is ready to leave now.
27197	We have over 70 different fabrics available to chose from for your sofa bed and scatter cushions.
27198	"We have powers to issue improvement notices, followed by a fine for non-compliance, and will use these where we consider it appropriate."
27199	We have provided 16 women in Ndhiwa with bee hives, training in bee keeping, and flowers to plant on their land that will attract bees to their hives and encourage the production of honey.
27200	We have pulled together the prices for some of our most popular holiday periods plus our best special offers for Pendine Sands Holiday Park caravans so it’s easier for you to choose when to get away.
27201	We have really enjoyed our time supporting this charity, which actually lasted for 18 months.
27202	We have recently been installing a glass wall partition and ceiling system for Carpets 4 Less in Bedford (pictured, minus the glass and door) to make the most of this large commercial space.
27203	We have rented many holiday properties over the past few years, in many different countries, and Dove Eco Lodge is one of the best.
27204	We have satisfied rigorous criteria relating to professional qualifications and ethical good practice to achieve this.
27205	We have secured the purchase of Forsinard and Dyke, and can now start vital restoration of damaged peatland back to bog.
27206	We have seen a shift towards community ownership of shops, post offices and, most recently, libraries.
27207	We have seen house starts fall during his first year by 20 per cent.
27208	We have seen the cost of living soar by 22%, with the increase in the cost of utilities, food and travel exceeding that, so at the same time the pay gap is getting bigger and inflation is on the move.
27209	We have some exciting opportunities in our newest destinations on the Caledonian and Crinan Canals.
27210	We have some fantastic deals on used INFINITI cars, which are always changing.
27211	We have spent a lot of time discussing and planning the perfect youth forum – please ask your local DYC if you want to find out more.
27212	We have stayed here before and it suits our needs.
27213	We have stayed in other QHotels but always returned to The Cambridge Belfry.
27214	We have summarised in this privacy notice some of the key ways in which we use your personal information for Free School Meal (FSM) purposes.
27215	We have taken advantage of the additional training provided for both drivers and managers, developed and improved strategies to reduce collisions and fuel emissions.
27216	We have the 2nd worst economic performance in Europe, only Greece has outdone us in economic failure.
27217	We have the management and technical systems in place to meet our clients’ needs in an ever changing marketplace responding to demand efficiently and cost-effectively.
27218	We have the perfect them night for you then!
27219	We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
27220	We have three useful publications which are free to download below.
27221	We have to find ways of meeting both sides’ aspirations.
27222	“We have to make people understand that.
27223	We have too many good players for it not to turn.”
27224	We have to support responsible breeding and we feel this is the ideal way to do so.
27225	We have two floors and a mezzanine so there’s plenty of amazing views, some overlooking to the Queen Elizabeth Stadium and also room for everyone to enjoy the fine attributes of our British pub and first class customer service.
27226	We have two puzzling developments.
27227	We have urged the BMA to put to its members the pay protection that we made clear right at the beginning of the process, but I am afraid that it wilfully misled its members about the pay offer that we put on the table.
27228	We have wanted to work with Len for some time and this was a fantastic project for him to be involved in and showcase the great work that is going on in Wythenshawe and that of the fabulous Real Food Team.”
27229	We have young people and adults registered with us who want an apprenticeship with great companies like yours.
27230	We head north to Taormina, one of the island’s most beautiful towns, towering more than 800 feet above the sweeping coastline.
27231	We heard examples of staff not being supported by senior managers.
27232	“We hear talk of ‘zombie’ businesses, but seeing individuals run their finances in the same way is troubling.
27233	We held a very successful fundraising day for 'Children in Need' in November when we raised £596.
27234	We help employers to ensure they have the right contractual provisions, policies and procedures in place to achieve their commercial goals and protect their business interests.
27235	We help members save and have the home they want and support the local communities where our members and colleagues live and work.
27236	We help organisations working in East Sussex identify money for their project and quality check applications for funding.
27237	We help those looking for their first job or those who are experienced and are looking to change their job.
27238	We help you feel good in your home with decoration that reflects your personality and also in accordance with your taste as well as your budget.
27239	We highly recommend booking with Strathpeffer Campervan Hire!
27240	We highly recommend them and will be using their services again in the near future”.
27241	We highly recommend this grinder, from our experience it is a professional workhorse glass grinder at a great price.
27242	We highly recommend you!
27243	We honestly couldn't of wishes for anything more on our big day- but overal, start to finish, the service was just amazing.
27244	We hope many other schools follow Swain House Primary in Bradford, and we look forward to recognising them each year.
27245	We hope our partners will continue to support the campaign and take this opportunity to mark the new dates in the diary.
27246	We hope that the information set out below will assist you, but if you have any queries please click on the link at the right of the page and let us know.
27247	We hope that this work will lead to new policies, systems, and actions that bring about a more accountable, diverse, and equitable workplace for all.
27248	“We hope that you can come along for an extraordinary evening where we will be looking at underwear from the past with examples from the V&A and York Museums Trust collections whilst enjoying a glass of wine!”
27249	We hope to have a General Meeting in the New Year.
27250	We hope to publish a fuller analysis of the figures at some point in the future.
27251	We hope you can join us for the fun and look forward to seeing you!
27252	We hope you found this information useful.
27253	We hosted a number of events at both Labour and Conservative party conferences - many thanks to the large number of members who attended our events and helped to make them such a success.
27254	We host wedding/party bars at reasonable rates.
27255	WEIGHT loss: A man who lost 3.5 stone in just 12 months reveals how he did it, and why the plant.
27256	Weigh up the figure you have in mind against the industry standards for someone with your level of experience and qualifications.
27257	We include every mortgage in the UK you can apply for directly from the lender.
27258	We include money transfer companies from our panel that allow transfers to the UK from abroad.
27259	We incorporate a range of smart energy saving functions that will not just create a comfortable living and working environment but also afford you excellent value for money.
27260	We inspect both NHS and independent ambulance services.
27261	Weinstock, George M.Simple sequence repeats in Helicobacter canadensis and their role in phase variable expression and C-terminal sequence switching.
27262	We intend to serve this need, wherever our audience wants it, and to build a business that is sustainable for 163 years to come.
27263	We interpret contribution as an act consistent with a high degree of social capital.
27264	We interpret equestrianism in its widest sense to include those who facilitate participation as well as those who participate (so, for instance, trainers, coaches, equine vets, Chefs d’Equipe and farriers who are truly outstanding are all considered).
27265	We invested £5m in 89 childcare projects across Northern Ireland through Building Quality Childcare.
27266	We investigated the matter and found that the original tickets were not delivered as the postcode was incorrect and they had been returned to the operator.
27267	We invite you to suggest a book for your studies.
27268	"We just can't believe it, it's great.
27269	“We just told Don it could have happened to anyone,” said the former Bradford Northern player, who also represented Great Britain 13 times.
27270	We keep our promises, are mindful of our impact on our community and our environment.
27271	We kept it themed and made it fun that way.
27272	“We knew the scent had to come first.
27273	"We knew we wanted a real partnership, but we also wanted that partnership to be with a world-class institution that had the credibility necessary to deliver a variety of services, because we knew the programme would have many different parts.
27274	We know from long involvement how valuable, how eye-opening – and in some cases, how life-changing – these experiences can be.
27275	We know from the comments we received how important a decent home is, as a secure foundation for so much more in life.
27276	We know itâ€™s going to be a fun packed event over the weekend with the Bizarre and Bazaar Alternative.
27277	"We know that British citizens who fought with Isis in Iraq and Syria were trained in a number of terrorist tactics including the development of basic bio-weapons."
27278	We know that many subscribers want the latest content on the go, so we’ve made Retail-week.com responsive – meaning no matter how you access our website, either via laptop, tablet or smartphone, you will get the same quality experience.”
27279	‘We know that playing music has huge benefits and we are keen for as many business owners as possible to understand how cost effective and beneficial playing music can be,’ said Christine Geissmar, Director of Operations at PPL.
27280	We know that these nutrients are intimately involved in the regulation of a balanced carbohydrate metabolism and ultimately a balanced blood sugar level.
27281	We know that where you live is very important to you.
27282	We know that your customers want peace of mind from products, such as extra warranty cover and gap insurance, products that give true added value and also drive dealer income.
27283	We know there are some items that you simply can’t get rid of so why not look to put them into storage for safe keeping?
27284	We know this is well used by trading standards teams across London and we are looking to do more to support the work they do on the ground.
27285	We know we don’t always get it right, so if something goes wrong, please let us know, and we’ll do all we can reasonably do to put it right.
27286	We know what we are doing and have been doing it for 15 years.
27287	Welcome back buddy.
27288	Welcome back to the EE Community.
27289	Welcome to a different sort of New Normal.
27290	Welcome to ATS Euromaster’s centre in Winchester where you will find everything you need to keep your car in peak, roadworthy condition.
27291	Welcome to Golf with Trafford Leisure.
27292	Welcome to join us, hopefully we can establish the business relationship with mutual benefits.
27293	Welcome to our new building at Parkin Avenue, Selby.
27294	Welcome to the application form to apply for BRE Global Certification for Independent Property Flood Resilience Surveyors.
27295	Welcome to the IOSH Thames Valley Branch.
27296	Welcome to the UK Cities Kingston upon Hull health and safety area.
27297	Welcome to the world of the Virtual Assistant.
27298	Welcome to York Station South: Our car park is ideally situated just off the inner ring road and just outside the city walls.
27299	Welcoming, friendly hosts Wendy and Ian Gregory served excellent breakfasts in their gracious dining room and based on their broad local knowledge they were able to suggest a wide choice of outings and tourist sites.
27300	We leave Brandon Marsh Nature Centre on alternative Mondays at 10am and return by 4.30pm latest.
27301	We leave Regua on a morning train so that we arrive back into Oporto with time for a free afternoon.
27302	We left him on the sofa.”
27303	We left Oslo's unpleasant 36°C temperatures, hoping for something cooler.
27304	We like it because, as you'll see if you disable all CSS, it relies solely on CSS for its design so degrades nicely to plain text for blind or partially sighted people relying on text readers.
27305	We like some aspects of the Light Ball’s design a lot, and it’s affordable and pretty quiet, but this vacuum cleaner has flaws.
27306	We like to make our guests feel loved!
27307	We listen to our customers to understand your expectations and make sure these are reflected in our business decisions.
27308	We listen – we have no house-style and our design response varies according to place, context, collaboration and programme.
27309	We live in a quiet community area and guests must respect our neighbours and refrain from any extremes of behaviours which could cause upset.
27310	Well, 32 years on we have done something along those lines: in an old Meakins factory in Hanley.
27311	We'll also be modifying some of the bridges and other structures on the route to create the extra height needed for the overhead lines.
27312	We’ll also be upgrading the inlet works – where wastewater enters the site – and making improvements to the tanks which store and treat water.
27313	Well, at least it looked like she did!
27314	We'll be happy to discuss your requirements on the phone.
27315	Wellbeing Centre - timber frame construction.
27316	We'll be reading from the best and brightest and most funny picture books in the library for your kids to enjoy and to inspire them to find books and reading fun!
27317	We'll be there most Sundays and Bank Holidays too, to welcome you for seaside fun all through the summer months.
27318	Well, building a great team isn’t easy, especially when the pressure is on to keep pace as your business grows.
27319	Wellcome Trust, European Commission, Action Medical Research, Meningitis UK, Meningitis Research Foundation, Sparks, World Health Organisation, NIHR Health Technology Assessment Programme, NIHR Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, James Martin Institute.
27320	We’ll continue to develop and grow our campaigns, our influencing work and our information and advice offering.
27321	We'll deliver this gift for FREE by Royal Mail - in our experience, 95% of postal deliveries will arrive on your chosen date, however on rare occasions some deliveries may arrive on the next working day.
27322	Well designed maps consistent in style throughout.
27323	We'll discuss the changes coming to all of those apps below, addressing the 'core technologies' later on in this article.
27324	Well done to all for donning an apron to raise funds for local families.
27325	Well done to all the students who took part.
27326	Well done to everyone involved in the running of such a great business.
27327	Well done to Gareth who guessed correctly that this is paper drawer of a printer being opened.
27328	Well done to you all, an amazing feat with so many dancers involved."
27329	Well done Year one!
27330	Well, EJ, what do you fancy and I'll bring it to Onslow.
27331	We’ll help Emirates fuse together data and analyse it in the right way, so they can create new services and operational advantages.'
27332	Well, if someone has cut in front of you, it will be his or her fault if an accident arises as a consequence.
27333	Well, I have been kind of convinced a bit.
27334	Well, in our opinion, a logo is often the threshold of a brand and vitally inportant.
27335	Well, it's a bank holiday, which is fantastic; we all look forward to those.
27336	Well it was a good thing that I anticipated th…
27337	We’ll let you know if you’re going to lose any benefits, before you confirm your tariff change.
27338	Well normally you would be right but as I’ve seen the burglars are using these techniques.
27339	We'll often arrange to have a family member or close friend help organise the family photoshoot so that this is quick process.
27340	We'll post some more of your photos later in the week.
27341	We’ll set a deadline for contribution payments.
27342	We'll show you how to create a family garden that's fun, versatile, practical and everyone's favourite place to be.
27343	We’ll sit down with you, talk through your organisation’s requirements, and build a tailored package to meet them.
27344	Well stars from all three will be landing in Belfast this October for the first Horror Con being held in Northern Ireland.
27345	We’ll stay in the same place as last season.
27346	Well, that’s degree apprenticeships.
27347	“Well, that was yesterday – it’s today now.
27348	We’ll then email you an e-ticket before the event which will give you access to the circuit, parking in the display area inside the circuit and entry to the private lounge.
27349	Well the Royal Wedding Burger contains Beef Brisket topped with mac n cheese, a Cumberland sausage ring, American cheese and ale onion chutney and is served with root veg crisps.
27350	We'll update our records when you tell us that your details have changed.
27351	Well we here at are here to tell you that for those serious about achieving the very best soundproofing and thermal insulation possible, three panes of glazing are an absolute essential.
27352	Well, we used to work all around Essex but our last gig was at the Westcliff High School and we had some great musicians there.
27353	Well, we’ve now had a good read of the Local Plans Expert Group (LPEG) on how to speed up and simplify the process of making local plans and I fear it hasn’t filled us with much more optimism than our gave us.
27354	We’ll work to deliver a transport system that is resilient and offers good value for money.
27355	We’ll write to remind you when your fixed rate is coming to an end and prompt you to review your mortgage.
27356	Well, you've got John Lobb, Lock & Co. and Turnbull & Asser - they have been here for a very, very long time, sometimes a five-generational family retail business.
27357	We look at both of these aspects in this section.
27358	We look at what eczema is and what can be the cause.
27359	“We looked at similar past crises at GM and Toyota,” says Mitchell.
27360	We look for advantage, sometimes an inspired breakthrough, more often marginal gains that we need to aggregate to maximum effect.
27361	“We look forward to becoming a part of this close community and getting to know our local customers.”
27362	We look forward to next year when we will host the 5th event.
27363	We look forward to seeing AHDB Dairy deliver more in these important areas as we continue to engage with it,” said Mr Wyrill.
27364	We look forward to seeing you at our seminar.
27365	We look forward to seeing you on Sunday!
27366	We look forward to seeing your school at College Lake soon!
27367	We look forward to what 2018 and the new linear A levels will bring!”
27368	We loved every minute of the cabin, the facilities were good and kept very clean.
27369	We love hedgehogs and feed them in our garden.
27370	We love him and mourn him, but we will not stop our steps to explore the mysteries of the universe.
27371	We love the entire process of tying intricate knots around and over my OH's body, and this rope doesn't let us down at all.
27372	We lovingly restore old wood to create beautiful pieces of furniture that will look fantastic in your home and that will last a lifetime with love and attention from you.
27373	Welsh and Breton bards sang the exploits of Arthur and his knights, in turn inspiring French poets like Chrétien de Troyes to compose the first chivalric romances of the Middle Ages.
27374	Welsh ceramic designer and maker uses the Modernist and Cubist movements as points of reference, evident in the new angular vase launching at Top Drawer.
27375	Welsh Collies have extremely strong herding instincts and need to "herd" everything they come across which includes any children.
27376	Welsh Dragon 180cm x 120cm The Welsh Dragon flag used by Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express is dye-printed onto best quality woven polyester.
27377	Welwyn Hatfield Council met with Tesco leadership at the council offices to discuss the impact of the redundancies under way at the supermarket giant.
27378	We made it through to the final and were beaten just six seconds by the showjumpers.
27379	We maintain the iconic Queensferry Crossing and the Our Winter Service Manager Mike Robin & Kenny White from will be talking about how we manage https://t.
27380	We make a difference to people’s lives every day.
27381	We make every effort to add this to the database as quickly as possible but there is usually a backlog of information waiting to be added.
27382	We make every effort to ensure we come to the right decision on every occasion, and that the decision made is in the best interests of the organisation involved.
27383	We make every effort to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.
27384	We make it all easy, accountable and effective.
27385	We make it easy to keep track of your fees.
27386	We make sure spare parts are available for ten years after a boiler has been discontinued (often longer) but sometimes it's not possible to find a replacement part for older boilers.
27387	We make the process simple with no binding contract, no obligations and no setup fee.
27388	We manage the entire process of the installation of modular buildings safely and accurately.
27389	We manufacture our canopies and shade sails here in the UK.
27390	We may also arrange for one of our inspectors to visit the property.
27391	We may also be able to offer guided walks.
27392	We may also collect information about your interaction with our emails and other forms of communication.
27393	We may also provide support to access local community facilities depending on your assessed need.
27394	We may carry out checks on your personal data as described below.
27395	We may change these terms from time to time and we shall endeavour to notify you of any changes.
27396	We may choose to visit you to collect the completed form, or deal with the matter by post.
27397	We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports.
27398	We may decline to hold a hearing if we do not think one is necessary.
27399	We may, from time to time, expand, reduce or sell the company and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole business to new owners.
27400	We may need to contact you to clarify some of the details you have provided, how shall we contact you?
27401	We may not be able to obtain a warrant the same day.
27402	Wembdon plodded on and some late striking by M Sellick (14), A Rees (17) and E Howes (12) helped Wembdon claim an extra batting point as they finished on 151-7 from 40 overs.
27403	We measure the progress of the children we help, so we can show the difference we have made.
27404	We minimise risks for those who are most vulnerable to homelessness by focusing our prevention activities further “upstream.”
27405	We moved office last week and used Gentlevan Removals.
27406	We must break down the whole to the individuals and we should learn from the Other and be prepare to be changed by it.
27407	We must challenge the systems of power that do not work for us.
27408	We must develop as an organisation to make sure we have the people, skills and internal infrastructure that we need, that we can be dynamic and responsive, fast and flexible, innovative and creative.
27409	We must hold a hearing if an objection notice is served.
27410	“We must not forget that the residents within your area already make a significant contribution to our costs, due to the higher Council Tax bandings their properties fall into.
27411	We need a new system.
27412	We need Carer Awareness volunteers who will help us promote our free advice & support services in local hospitals on information stands.
27413	We need homes to meet a range of housing needs, and Build to Rent typically offers higher quality and more stability than other parts of the private rented sector.
27414	We need more volunteers to lend us a hand from time to time.
27415	We need small businesses confident enough to do business with bank – that’s been badly shaken.”
27416	We need the co-operation of taxi and private hire drivers and operators to identify those who commit these crimes, and protect those who most need our help.
27417	We need to address the real grievances of those who may support them.
27418	We need to build communities that feel safe and confident in their own homes and on the streets.
27419	We need to build the evidence base and infrastructure to embed supporting these relationships in our research and practice nationally.
27420	“We need to get in and ensure these youngsters are put on the right path because once people start out on this road to a career in crime, it’s extremely hard to get them off it.
27421	We need to know your personal data to provide you with our adventure products as well as complying with our legal obligations.
27422	We need to make sure that we are relevant at the times, and in the places where people feel moved to give.
27423	We need to move to a more federal arrangement whereby the four nations have broadly equal powers.
27424	"We need to respond to these changes by offering local companies support to help their workforce give up smoking online."
27425	We need to sell ourselves as specialists in our field, who are up-to-date with all laws and legislation.
27426	“WE need to spruce up Burnham-on-Sea Esplanade”.
27427	We need to work closely with the Department for Education on this, and I agree that it is very important that we do so.
27428	We never forget that those we help are special to themselves, to their family and their friends.
27429	“We never had any problems or anything like this happen when the salon was in Walton.
27430	We (“Newmarket Holidays Limited”) gather and process data in accordance with the prevailing data protection legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016 and the Data Protection Act 2018.
27431	We note that the Government will consider proposals for using the UK Guarantees Scheme for infrastructure to help secure new investment in assets of strategic importance.
27432	We now continue to move the business forward in a positive way and I look forward to the challenges that this will undoubtedly bring.”
27433	We now have 16. We were the Taste Of The West Champion Dairy Product 2010, 2011 and 2012, with over 20 medals awarded, and Cotswold Food Hero Finalists 2010.
27434	We now have six women that are working for us and they all have different stories.
27435	We now know that this scheme will be launched next year, with funds amounting to only a tenth of what was promised back then.
27436	We now need to carry out more research in mice … and we hope that if that is successful then we could move our research to a clinical trial in the next few years.”
27437	We now offer a new more competitive rate for our care staff!
27438	We now regard Chris as an integral part of our management team and happy to endorse his services.'
27439	We now sell well over 2 million pieces of luggage and bags per year and are probably the largest stockholder of lugagge in the UK.
27440	We offer a comprehensive Estate Agency service and can advertise your property on various websites including rightmove.
27441	We offer a friendly professional service with attention to detail.
27442	We offer all the assistance, knowledge and exceptional skillfullness to ensure that your particular new installation goes efficiently.
27443	We offer a range of ground fixed socketed or portable frame cages or winch type systems.
27444	We offer a range of solutions and services that can be accessed to support you throughout your journey to MiFID II compliance.
27445	We offer a suite of products that all work independently, but together they provide an holistic approach to CPD and assessment.
27446	We offer a variety of courses by online and distance learning through in Information Studies, Law & Criminology and Biological Sciences.
27447	We offer a weekly glass collection service.
27448	We offer a wide range of disability aids to suit all needs, varying from products like mobility scooters, wheelchairs, stairlifts and living aid products.
27449	We offer childrens cupcake decorating parties which is a great birthday treat where they learn to make a variety of decorations for their cakes.
27450	We offer companies the opportunity to advertise their products or services to the public at Major Supermarkets throughout the UK.
27451	We offer counselling in at the Quaker Meeting House and the Ridgeway Community Church.
27452	We offer every conservatory style imaginable form the traditional styles to the versatile shapes.
27453	We offer lessons to every kind of driver from experienced to inexperienced, the confident to the nervous.
27454	“We offer new recruits a five-day training induction and a 12-week onboard programme working towards a care certificate.
27455	We offer one to one specialist support on all financial and welfare issues through our Advice and Counselling Service, which you can access as soon as you have applied for a place at Queen Mary.
27456	We offer on-site training for organisations.
27457	We offer property repairs and restoration services.
27458	We offer ready-to-wear and hire for every occasion to suit everyones taste.
27459	We offer sound and honest advice and a friendly service.
27460	We offer staff parking at a number of our sites, including free parking for Blue Badge holders.
27461	We offer the First Line Management qualification at three levels: Award, Certificate and Diploma.
27462	We offer the from various carrier companies which specialize and provide top of the line door-to-door delivery services in the UK and China.
27463	We offer the superior services.
27464	We often contact the Local Authority in whose area the manufacturer is situated and ask the local Environmental Health Officer to provide us with information about the manufacturer.
27465	We only collect this information if you choose to give it to us because you think it helps you to arrange and organise your wedding and take into account different guests particular needs.
27466	We operate a new for old basis for both Home Insurance Essentials and Home Insurance contents policies.
27467	We operate as a Specialist Boutique Recruiter in the recruitment industry.
27468	We operate out of the Eastleigh/Southampton/Portsmouth area, but are not limited to them.
27469	We operate within the DS Salon and have our own dedicated showroom in Robins & Day Citroen Chingford.
27470	We opted to stay at the gardens after the tour bus left and made our own way back to the ship via the bus/train from the airport.
27471	We ordered a roast beef sandwich to split and the spinach dip.
27472	We order work on the programmed replacement list every month on the 1st of the month.
27473	We organise and run outdoor activities for adults and children.
27474	We originally met with Jane who was friendly, helpful and full of ideas.
27475	We own (or hand pick!) all our Holiday Homes to make sure that they are the most special places to stay in the Morpeth area.
27476	We paid an upfront charge of £187 between 2, and our monthly bill was £1.85 a month for the next 12 months.
27477	“We pair musicians with young people to involve them in making any form of music they desire.
27478	We particularly welcome HEE’s leadership role in providing, through LETBs, training programmes to support staff in diagnosing the early symptoms of dementia so that they are aware of the needs of patients, carers and families.
27479	We perform biohazard removal and full house clearances, removing everything requested such as carpets, cookers, washing machines, all clutter and furniture.
27480	We pick holes in the jolly Horse racing punters have one eye on the fast-approaching…
27481	We plan to improve the control centre which runs the station.
27482	“We pray for the safety of the passengers and flight crew.”
27483	We pre-ordered the seafood platters, and we're so glad we did.
27484	We present evidence suggesting that thiamine supplementation may rescue TPK enzyme activity.
27485	We pride ourselves as being one of the top industry leaders in our field of expertise.
27486	We pride ourselves in providing end-to-end support for your web presence - with complete transparency and in plain English!
27487	We pride ourselves on delivering excellent customer service and offering simple, straightforward products that give you flexibility and control.
27488	We pride ourselves on finding the right match for your business and the employee.
27489	We pride ourselves on having a fresh, pro-active approach to accountancy to help you achieve the right results in your business.
27490	“We pride ourselves on looking after our customers differently and I actively encourage the team to have fun at work.
27491	We pride ourselves on our competitive rates and high standards of customer service.
27492	We pride ourselves on providing a first class service at very reasonable prices.
27493	We pride ourselves on the applied nature of your learning and quality of our teaching.
27494	We pride ourselves on the quality and completion of our work and we offer highly competitive prices creating a unique modern elegance,a result that only the dedicated service WesTec Marble can produce.
27495	"We probably could have got sucked into a little bit of a lull going behind a second time, but he tore the left back to shreds all game and fully deserved his goal.
27496	We produce an annual cricket fixtures magazine in braille, DAISY and digital formats, priced £2.95 (UK) or £5.75 (overseas).
27497	We provide advice to the designers about any issues we identify so that these can be resolved at the design stage.
27498	We provide a extensive range of gardening services to suit every need.
27499	We provide an appropriate curriculum for pupils aged between two and nineteen.
27500	We provide an honest, reliable, quality and affordable accounting, payroll, bookkeeping and other business services to clients all throughout a range of different industries.
27501	We provide a wide range of alteration services for both men and women's wear.
27502	We provide a wide range of facilities, including a communal lounge, a guest room, a garden with seating area, two on-site laundries and 22 parking spaces.
27503	We provide bribery awareness training to employees and have developed proportionate procedures across all our areas of operations to ensure that bribery and corruption risks are minimised and eliminated.
27504	We provide detailed guidance on the implications of Health & Safety issues in operational and commercial decision making.
27505	We provided funding to make sure that all people taking part in Building Lives training in May last year could complete their courses and would not lose out.
27506	We provide English language classes in the Milton Keynes area, including preparation courses for exams for citizenship.
27507	We provide information and support, campaign to improve policy and attitudes and in partnership with independent local Mind associations, develop local services.
27508	We provide low cost shared leaflet distribution covering Lincoln City centre and surrounding area covering an estimated 13000 properties.
27509	We provide our members and guests with a friendly and personal journey from the moment they arrive.
27510	We provide practical, emotional and therapeutic support to people who have a missing loved one, including by launching public appeals.
27511	We provide professional safety services to Departments and Institutions to help them take control of their own safety management.
27512	We provide relaxed, comfortable accommodation within walking distance of Shepton Mallet and close proximity to Bath & West Showground, Glastonbury and Wells.
27513	We provide top quality and qualified companies who understand the challenges of your business and your customers.
27514	We provide you with trusted and robust information allowing you to make strategic decisions with confidence.
27515	We publish information about the for Preston and the which make all the major decisions for the council.
27516	“We raised almost £250 which is really fantastic and up on last year’s total”.
27517	We raised an admirable sum for Save The Children and even held a competition for the best (worst!) festive knitwear worn on the day.
27518	We ran focus groups in venues which were baby and child friendly and offered parents assistance with their travel.
27519	“We’re absolutely delighted to forge a close working relationship with such a dynamic exhibition venue and progressive charity,” says NSL’s Central Government Director, Nigel Coltman.
27520	“We’re a great little club and we need as many supporters and friends as we can!”
27521	We realise that it is not always easy for business owners to achieve a straightforward exit.
27522	We’re all delighted for her.”
27523	We’re all guilty of starting a health kick and then it being a distant memory a few days later.
27524	We're all very virally in our house.
27525	We're already supplying 3,500 schools with gas and electricity through our service agreements and we're doing it well!
27526	We’re also keen to support smaller organisations and will consider your income when making a decision.
27527	We’re also on the front cover.
27528	We’re also working closely with universities to provide and support industrial placement schemes.
27529	We’re an evolving community, committed to remaining a place where doors are open, where nobody’s too grand to talk to you, and where each student can develop their full potential in supportive and beautiful surroundings.
27530	We’re a passionate family-run travel company with over 30 years’ experience in creating tailor-made luxury holidays and tours around the world.
27531	We’re a practical university with strong ambitions for our graduates to enjoy rewarding careers.
27532	We're branded as ultra-defensive but I thought today we had a lot of men up the field.
27533	We’re calling this ‘fluid society’.
27534	We recently formed a working party with The Forestry Commission and the Thames Basin Heaths partnership project to help restore parts of Warren Heath.
27535	We recognised that this scheme represents a significant improvement to the current cycling conditions; however, we had concerns that the junction with Brooklands Avenue, the most difficult part of this route, is not being tackled.
27536	We recognise that each young person is an individual, with different needs and aspirations, so we provide informal activities and youth work programmes in a range of settings.
27537	We recognise that there is not a one-size-fits-all policy.
27538	We recommend monthly massages to help ease soft tissue strains, injuries and joint pains.
27539	We recommend that the Government should review the error-reporting threshold in light of the points made by witnesses.
27540	We recommend that you find out as much about the providers and courses as you can.
27541	We recommend that you return goods via a recorded delivery service and retain the proof of postage.
27542	We recommend that you share the page with your supporters.
27543	We recommend the Food Standard Agency (FSA) pack, Safer Food Better Business (SFBB).
27544	We recommend visiting our section of books on collecting books for in depth information about identifying first editions.
27545	We’re confident, we love playing live – we believe in ourselves.”
27546	We’re constantly reviewing safety equipment and driver training – particularly with regard to vulnerable road users - as you might imagine.
27547	We’re continuing to argue for revision of the restrictions in the Legal Services Act 2007 which prevent Scottish notaries working in England from performing notarial services.
27548	We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business / organisation.
27549	We recruit directly from the Prison Halls.
27550	We recruit doctors at all stages of their training on behalf of NHSScotland.
27551	We recruit graduates across eight different programmes in locations all across the UK for candidates on track to achieve a 2:1 or higher.
27552	We're currently having difficulties loading events near Redhill, please check back later.
27553	We’re delighted that, as a leader in the space, we’re able to set an example to the rest of the industry and show that sustainability and an excellent offering can work hand in hand.
27554	We're delighted that the Government have taken note of our call to remove pelican crossings from the TSRGD in favour of safer crossings."
27555	“We’re delighted that they recognised that the unique Mad Science methodology of combining fun and learning could help accomplish their objective of making children more aware of CO poisoning and what can be done to prevent it.”
27556	We're delighted that together we've been able to support such a worthy cause.
27557	We’re delighted to announce that we’ve been successful in securing a grant of £240,000 from Arts Council England’s Catalyst Arts fund under the Capacity Building Programme.
27558	“We’re delighted to be the first pizza company in the UK to have its own Alexa Skill, which lets people order their favourite freshly handmade Domino’s without touching a button or picking up the phone.
27559	We're embracing this flawless way to add a touch of glamour to your gown.
27560	We’re excited to tell you that our digital team is growing, with the welcome addition of Teddy Necsoiu.
27561	“We’re finishing off 2017 with two great deals that strengthen our position in two key regions.
27562	We're Gifted - the premium giftware store in Norwich.
27563	We're going to connect with our customers more than we ever have before, and we're going to raise the bar for ourselves and be the best that we can be.”
27564	We regret that, due to the busy schedules of our alumni, we can only connect you with them once you have applied and are progressing through our selection process.
27565	We regularly install alongside sleepers used for this purpose.
27566	We regularly update our online prospectus so that our published course information is accurate.
27567	We regularly visit Arundel, Chichester, Pulborough, Billingshurst, Brighton, Haslemere, Guildford, Crawley and Horsham.
27568	We’re having a Homerton social tonight at Revs and there will be pre-drinks at NUSHA from 21:30.
27569	We’re in Manchester at the moment and if she’d set it here, for example, with three blokes they’d have to talk about football, but there is no mention of sport.
27570	“We’re itching to get in and get going but there’s a lot of work to be done first,” said Ernst.
27571	We’re just really trying to live the lifestyle that we preach.
27572	“We’re just weeks away from a general election and now is the opportunity for party leaders to confirm some solid commitments on cycling in their manifestos.
27573	We’re keen to build a community of membership clients, and become the go-to hub for web services and products vital to the membership sector.
27574	We’re looking for a brilliant Communications Manager to lead our communications with the housing association sector and support our crucial influencing on the housing issues that matter.
27575	We're looking for a number of professional individuals to support this objective.
27576	We’re looking forward into the future and expanding our technological horizons; it’s great to be a in a role where we can do this.
27577	We’re looking forward to welcoming Barnsley FC Community Sports & Education Trust to the Game On family.
27578	We rely on your support to keep helping older people in Manchester.
27579	We’re making good progress.
27580	We remove them in the best interest of the child, and to protect the parents.
27581	We’re not out to transform services just to have shiny new services, what we really mean is we want to transform people’s lives.
27582	We’re not saying you need to be running marathons – little and often is always better than one big burst of activity.
27583	We’re not scared of anyone so we’ll go there looking for the win and if it doesn’t come then it doesn’t come.
27584	We’re not together but we’re doing it together.’
27585	We’re now bringing the Diploma to Scotland, but with careful amendments to adapt it to the Scottish market.
27586	We’re on hand to help you navigate your way through this stressful and unfamiliar time.
27587	We're only little.
27588	We're open six days a week, and until 8pm on weekdays, so we're always here to give expert consultations for a range of skin conditions.
27589	We’re pleased that Antonia will be joining us and we look forward to working with her to achieve our objectives.”
27590	We're pleased to report that missing teenager Jammall Waddell, 13, has been found safe and well.
27591	We're pleased to show you a great bargain : 3 rooms available in a 3 bedroom flat in Clapham North, the flat has been refurbished recently.
27592	We reported that the ST had voted to stay away, when they had, in fact, finally decided to acquiesce.
27593	We report the Index as a three-month moving median of year-over-year percent changes in giving.
27594	Were possible the dual food and feed basis of the inspections have provided a useful mechanism for farmers to be informed about the requirements which they must meet in order to comply with the legislation.
27595	We’re proud that our business model gives so many people the opportunity to club together to do something meaningful with their investment.
27596	We’re proud to have sponsored the Business in the Community Workplace Gender Equality Awards for the third time.
27597	We’re proud to support Anchor’s campaign for a Minister for Older People to sit in the Cabinet to ensure that a response to demographic change is a top priority for Government."
27598	We require all sellers on eBay to specify a returns policy, whether the policy is to accept returns or not.
27599	We require information about education and professional background in our recruitment process.
27600	‘We’re seeing an alien, warped view of sex normalised into our culture, ingrained by the invisible hand of the market’, says Abbott (note the dearth of active clauses).
27601	“We’re semi-pro and do not train four or five days a week, so we only have limited time on the ice with a lot to work on.
27602	We reserve the right to amend or remove any section of the terms and conditions without prior notice.
27603	We reserve the right to amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time without notice and at our discretion.
27604	We reserve the right to ask for ID from any guest on check in. We reserve the right to refuse accommodation at our discretion.
27605	We reserve the right to cancel any transfer of a domain name registration to another holder that is made in violation of this subparagraph.
27606	We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us.
27607	We reserve the right to withdraw an offer of a place.
27608	We're so grateful for each and every penny you raise for us.
27609	We’re so proud to already support local charities and community groups through Community Food Connection from our larger stores in London and to be able to extend that support to our convenience stores is fantastic.
27610	We’re sorry, the treehouse isn’t suitable for pets.
27611	We respond to 1link online service booking requests within – minutes, and if you're in a rush our technicians can service your commercial at a time that fits around you.
27612	We respond to this consultation as a group of service providers who work alongside children and families to provide support when they need it.
27613	“We’re still doing that today, animating and drawing directly in Flash, and then outputting to different media.
27614	We’re sure you understand that works of this kind do not come without disruption but we will do our upmost to ensure this is kept to a minimum.
27615	We’re taking a different stance within our accommodation services across the North East by introducing a strength based approach to the way we work.
27616	We’re thrilled that the second edition of our Unique Magazine has arrived!
27617	“We’re very excited about what Ian can bring to this club and feel he can help us continue to grow and develop, both on and off the field.
27618	We're very passionate about providing our clients with reliable and affordable house cleaners in Rothwell, by doing so we have built a reputation locally as the best house cleaning company.
27619	We reviewed these infection prevention audits.
27620	Were you satisfied with how your complaint was handled?
27621	“We rolled our sleeves up and put in a performance I know we are capable of week in week out.
27622	We rubber cover and produce many different types of conveyor and materials handling rollers from gravity rollers to large furnace and heavy duty drive and idler drums.
27623	We run a friendly happy teaching environment.
27624	We run a range of ensembles and event series, with performances ranging from concerts in the Dome and FDR, to relaxed events in the bar and garden.
27625	"We sat at home in agony for 24 hours which is unforgivable.
27626	We sat dead in the water and waited, watching other ships lock through.
27627	We saw staff worked hard to provide a respectful environment for patients.
27628	We saw the unit was run in a multidisciplinary way; including input from pharmacists, physiotherapists, pain management nurses and specialist nurses for organ donation.
27629	“We see a lot of ‘worried well’ – people who have Googled their symptoms and diagnosed themselves before arriving, or parents of young children who feel nervous or unsure about how to care for their sick child,” Dr Thornley said.
27630	We seek to bring Christ's presence around this town by serving the community around us.
27631	We sell a range of state-of-the-art printers.
27632	We sell brandnew and preowned games and dvds for XBOX, XBOX 360, PS2, PS3, Wii and lots more.
27633	We sell design-led, great value party supplies for children''s and adults parties.
27634	We serve a good choice of wines with the evening meal.
27635	We serve a variety of pub classics, served from noon.
27636	We serve various Airlines, shipping and ports around the UK and provide Couriers in the Withernsea area.
27637	We serve various Airlines, shipping and ports around the UK and provide Drop And Run Services in the Holymoorside area.
27638	We set out to tap into the enormous pool of talent, skills and passion among our teams so they could take greater control of the Trust’s destiny.
27639	We set the high standards of behaviour and professional competence expected of solicitors and law firms in our Principles, Code of Conduct and Statement of Solicitor Competence.
27640	We shall comply with all applicable UK data protection legislation.
27641	We shall keep a close eye to ensure this does not happen.
27642	We shall not be liable for any failure or delay in providing Services in the event of Your failure to provide all requested information and data fully and accurately within the required timescales.
27643	We shall wait and see.
27644	We shop our panel of insurers to get you the best deals and excellent policy benefits.
27645	We should all, not just a minority, be brave and not shy away from being political, adapting our practice in the light of well-respected research.
27646	We should be in the parade again next year and it would be great to have you as passengers again if possible.
27647	We should not be surprised that other forms of wild belief can take hold of a society.
27648	We should pay tribute to them again in our House today, and now we must do more to help them in their vital work.
27649	We signed the Climate Local Commitment in 2012 in recognition of the important role that local authorities have in tackling climate change.
27650	We specialise in building resilient solutions, but even then, disaster can still happen.
27651	We specialise in transforming data into actionable information, streamlining workflows, automating and simplifying processes.
27652	We specialise in UPVC, Timber and Aluminium, Windows, Doors and Conservatories.
27653	We spend time on building up people’s confidence, helping them to understand that music is a skill which can be learned and they have as much right to it as anyone else.
27654	We spent two weeks at this lovely villa!
27655	We spoke to Healthwatch Islington to find out more.
27656	We started by designing a clean, simple and classic logo complemented by a pastel colour palette.
27657	We started making jewellery about five years ago and from there started doing house parties which was great fun.
27658	We started queuing a little before the 1/2 prior to out time slot.
27659	We started selling it about three years ago when one of the chefs we supply asked if we could source some, and we have sold it on the stall since then.
27660	West Blackcraig was located just south of the military road; East Blackcraig was to the north, where Kirroughtree Forest is today.
27661	West Court is a place in West Leeds and is mainly residential.
27662	Western culture can be seen as permeated by risk-consciousness.
27663	Westerners seemed to easterners to be somewhat arrogant and felt they gave off the impression that they thought there was nothing they could learn from the east.
27664	Western powers, including the British government, have begun to hint that they will have to accept that President Assad should remain in power, at least while Isis is being fought.
27665	“We still hear examples of mental ill-health being used as a form of casual insult.
27666	West Lothian Council has to make nearly £21 million worth of savings between 2016/17 and 2017/18.
27667	Westmead Residential Care Home, which provides residential and dementia care, in Westmead Close, achieved good ratings in each of the five inspection categories – safe, effective, caring, responsive and well-led.
27668	West Mercia Police - Free property marking event!
27669	West Mercia Police - New Neighbourhood Watch Scheme CoordinatorLogin to "My Account"
27670	West Mercia Police - On the Seventh Day of ChristmasLogin to "My Account"
27671	West Midlands Members Group if you live in this area.
27672	West Midlands police force included unbroken bottle and glass offences in their returns but have excluded these offences in line with other forces since the year ending March 2011.
27673	Westminster City Council has selected Places for People, in partnership with Shelter and The Passage, as its preferred supplier to deliver its redesigned service.
27674	Westminster City School is a direct successor of St Margaret's Hospital (or the King's School) founded in 1633, Palmer's School founded in 1654, and Emery Hill's School founded in 1674.
27675	Westminster Council resolves to undertake an urgent review of CityWest Homes operations and structures, including its funding.
27676	“Westminster’s street markets have a rich history – Berwick Street began trading in 1778 – and we are delighted that local communities value and want to protect these assets.
27677	West of the station, on the north side of the line, there was a goods siding and small yard.
27678	Weston’s first mayor, Henry Butt, is the favourite at the moment, but you can still have your say.
27679	We stood and stared out west, over Cheltenham and May Hill, way beyond the Forest of Dean, across the Welsh border to where the Sugar Loaf raised a tiny peak nearly 50 miles away.
27680	We strongly recommend requesting a colour card to be sent to you to enable you to choose the colour accurately.
27681	We strongly recommend you make use of this if your machine holds University data.
27682	We strongly recommend you only use Building Notices for relatively simple work, not for large or complex extensions, loft conversions, new dwellings etc.
27683	We supply heat and corrosion resistant metals, particularly focusing on the oil and gas industry.
27684	We support exceptional organisations that are building a more inclusive, creative and sustainable society in the UK.
27685	We support Schools, Businesses and private individuals, with virus removal, fault diagnosis, new PC''s or laptops.
27686	We support the principle of generating renewable energy from the wind, the sun and the sea to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels.
27687	We take security very seriously.
27688	We take the hassle out of catering for your office/private function.
27689	We take the privacy of all of our site users seriously and take great care to protect your personal information.
27690	We take the protection of your personal data very seriously but if you are unhappy with the way we have handled your personal data then please contact us at: Complaints Team, Head Office, 105 Albion Street, Leeds, LS1 5AS.
27691	We take the responsibility of finding you the right mortgage very seriously, which is why we continuously monitor the quality and standard of our qualified consultants.
27692	We talked about the importance of eating and drinking healthy food, having lots of sleep, washing our bodies, brushing our teeth and doing lots of exercising.
27693	We taste test and compare capsule, bean-to-cup, and ground coffee machines with our in-depth reviews.
27694	We teach you about energy production, infrastructure and use, so you’ll be equipped to work in senior roles in any area of hydrocarbon energy management.
27695	We tend not to support that type of supplier, if we can help it.
27696	We tend to keep the doors locked and only open them when a regular turns up.”
27697	We tested GCP2 for reliability and validity between September 2014 and August 2015 through NSPCC service centres.
27698	We tested the 1.6 90hp Airdream with EGS six-speed automated manual transmission.
27699	We thank Club Member and Trials Marshal, Peter Livesey for again collating scores on behalf of the Club in 2015.
27700	We then climbed down into the canyon and got on our all-terrain truck for a ride the beach.
27701	We then had an interview tied together with a presentation we had to prepare regarding why we should win the competition.
27702	We then headed home and Paul planned the AlcO.
27703	We then measure the position of their spine when lying on the mattress - a good mattress keeps your spine in line and parallel to the mattress.
27704	We then phase each polymorphic site using an MCMC algorithm that iteratively updates the unobserved alleles based on the genotype likelihoods at that site and local haplotype information.
27705	“We then talked about favourite characters and came up with design between us.
27706	We then use the best SEO tools available to locate the best solution for your website to get the desired results.
27707	We therefore added lots of grit to the soil before planting and this probably helped them to survive, especially on the heavy clay of our Glasgow garden.
27708	We therefore considered the 'was' price was not a genuine representation of the price at which the product was usually sold at the time the ad appeared and the savings claims that were based on it were misleading.
27709	We therefore examined the role of the immunoproteasome in stimulation of CD8(+) T cell responses to MCMV - both conventional memory responses and those undergoing long-term expansion or "inflation".
27710	We, the taxpayers fork out significant amounts for the maintenance of our roads and on top of that we’re expected to pay out huge amounts for damage to our vehicles.”
27711	“We, the undersigned, request that Milton Road improvements under the City Deal should include high-quality cycleways, physically separated from both motor traffic and pedestrians.”
27712	‘We the women of this village are experiencing the problems with lack of water and we pray that things will change.
27713	‘We think it is a great idea – and one we felt compelled to get involved in’ explains Further Account Manager, Shelli Wright, who will be welcoming and hosting our visitors on the day.
27714	We think it’s pretty game changing, but don't take our word for it, watch the case studies below to hear from our customers.
27715	We think SIPPs (Self-invested Personal Pensions) are an excellent way to save for the future.
27716	We think that’s pretty neat.
27717	We think these novel approaches will offer further benefit in our main health themes in order to improve quality of life to patients with neurological conditions (
27718	We think these would look amazing with a navy blue background colour.
27719	We think water in its natural form is truly amazing and that's why we're so dedicated to protecting it.
27720	We think you will find us approachable, proactive and enthusiastic.
27721	'We thought about a healthy bone and an abnormal bone as two different materials, with different properties.
27722	We thought it might be fun to let a few toys ones be equally active and make a break for freedom across the water.'
27723	We thought the price was a bit too high for what is just an empty warehouse with a bar inside and also we weren't sure how realistic the bar spend would be.
27724	We train on a variety of forklift trucks from small walkalong pallet trucks to large Counter Balance trucks up to 15 ton.
27725	We train our sales and delivery team in-house and at the Miele UK headquarters so we can provide expert advice and support to help you get the most out of your Miele appliance.
27726	“We transform something that could be seen as undesirable into something desirable.”
27727	We trekked through Sweden to Denmark, at total of fourteen-hour bus ride on top of an overnight boat trip from Finland to Sweden.
27728	We tried renting it out with a long-term lease, what didn’t need that much work but we couldn’t escape there for a random weekend anymore.
27729	We try and get them into those kind of groups, then coming on Sunday.
27730	We try to ensure that all product information and pricing displayed on this website is correct and up to date at the time you place an order.
27731	We try to find quiet roads or cycle paths as the twins still seem to meander and the three of us usually get a few looks from passers-by who inadvertently drift all over the roads as they peer at a racing wheelchair and two seven year olds on bicycles.
27732	We understand that buying, selling or letting your property can be stressful so we do our best to make it happen efficiently and with as little stress as possible.
27733	We understand that family and relatives have many decisions to make regarding the funeral of a family loved one, but be assured that we will offer our help and support along the way.
27734	We understand that residential conveyancing language can be confusing, which is why we’ve created a Useful Information and Definitions document to help you understand some of the key terms and processes.
27735	We understand that some people are not able to move their bins to the collection area.
27736	“We understand that the punctuality and reliability of our services is also really important and we are continuing to work with industry partners such as Network Rail to deliver the service that customers expect and deserve.”
27737	We understand the challenges our clients face, and the importance of managing financial, operational and regulatory risk.
27738	We understand when the centenary is; we.
27739	We urge home owners to pay particular attention to small devices that they may forget to unplug in their mad dash to catch a flight.
27740	“We” “us” and “our” means the Council as landlord, “you” and “your” means our tenant.
27741	We use as little data as necessary in our work.
27742	We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our e-newsletter.
27743	We use cookies to provide our services and help collect data.
27744	We used the data collected over the first three years to derive signs predictive of hypoxaemia, and data from the fourth year to validate those signs.
27745	We used the full-blown 30-day trial for about three weeks and decided last week to go ahead and make the purchase.
27746	We used to do exactly the same as you on many occasions if their back gate was open.
27747	We use EU-approved contract clauses to safeguard your information.
27748	We use good quality material, silk, satin and skin-friendly natural fibres.”
27749	We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use Thinkuknow.
27750	We use market leading suppliers and technology, including silent kits on all diesel units.
27751	We use our wide-ranging experience to provide a proactive and integrated approach to regulatory matters.
27752	We use the conversion pixel to retarget adverts towards people who have visited the college website on occasion.
27753	We use the innovative adaptation and use of technology to undertake sampling, monitoring and assessment of remote or inaccessible marine environments.
27754	We use the latest machinery and technology.
27755	We use them as a resource.
27756	“We use the principles of magic to pair up those moments of, ‘This is what you see and here’s how you can by into it’.
27757	We use this data to inform the development of our service (for example, if we know which web browsers most of our visitors are using, we can allocate website development resources accordingly).
27758	We use this information to help us improve our web pages and make our sponsored ads more relevant.
27759	We utilise this information to build up the national geological database to help the nation make decisions about its natural resources into the future.
27760	We’ve all read about how we spend too much time on our phones and we should look up more and take in what’s around.
27761	“We’ve already beaten Stockport here in the league this season but this is a one off game.”
27762	We’ve also achieved Investors in People Silver and attained ISO 9001 – we are committed to quality, development long standing relationships and delivering results.
27763	We’ve also been able to sell £20,000 of surplus straw and £8000 of surplus maize silage.
27764	“We’ve also been holding termly updates at Pathfinder and Hatton Park as we feel it’s important for the community to be involved with the school before it’s opened.
27765	We’ve also been making good progress on the changes we need to make to existing legislation.
27766	We’ve also invested time and dedication to ensure the arts are embedded across the curriculum.
27767	We’ve also put a note in the Country Life calendar for 2069, so we can revisit this page to see how the next owner puts their own stamp on the place.
27768	We’ve been developing our expertise since 1998, holding innovation at the heart of everything we do whilst continually growing and expanding with the ever-changing market.
27769	We’ve been featured in some major magazines.
27770	We've been in the removals industry since 2010.
27771	We’ve been thrilled at how well both Champion milers have been supported since retiring to Overbury.
27772	We’ve brought our dogs Whiskey and Charlie who both like running loose, but we have to be a bit careful as Whiskey likes swimming."
27773	We’ve brought to life the charm and sophistication that was lost over the years along with great hospitality, fantastic beers and traditional food.
27774	We’ve come a long way since making the first ever mobile call in the UK in 1985.
27775	We’ve compiled a step by step guide to get you started.
27776	We've created a where you can enjoy them, but we generally don’t grant permission for their use by others.
27777	We've currently got a couple offers you might like!
27778	We''ve earned our rich heritage through our unwavering commitment to your satisfaction and our unsurpassed ability to deliver our innovative designs and reliable service for each and every customer.
27779	We've earned the trust and business of more than 99 percent of the Fortune 1000 and have executed over worth of financial transactions on our platform.
27780	We’ve got a great business community here and I’ll be taking advantage of the free support that’s available through the council’s business growth hub advisor to help me with my marketing and sales strategies.
27781	We’ve got a great opportunity to make the most of brownfield land.
27782	We've got all the cheapest Advance fares to Eden Park available right now, as well as flexible Off-Peak and Anytime fares.
27783	We've got all the cheapest Advance fares to Halling available right now, as well as flexible Off-Peak and Anytime fares.
27784	We've got all the cheapest Advance fares to Hensall available right now, as well as flexible Off-Peak and Anytime fares.
27785	We've got all the cheapest Advance fares to London Euston available right now, as well as flexible Off-Peak and Anytime fares.
27786	We've got all the cheapest Advance fares to Martins Heron available right now, as well as flexible Off-Peak and Anytime fares.
27787	“We’ve got a new project in Carlisle and electrical projects on the go.
27788	We've got a whole host of freestanding cookers in a wide array of colours and designs to fit perfectly into your décor.
27789	“We’ve got good riders and horses and the team is in a strong place so I think we could win it.”
27790	We've got new features, new enhancements, and some bug fixes - all in all a pretty good update with a lot to like!
27791	“We’ve got on top of our debts and deficits.”
27792	We've got the numbers.
27793	We've got three superbly located holiday parks in Dorset ideal for exploring the 95 miles of beautiful Jurassic Coastline, and one holiday park in Hampshire set in a spectacular county that's home to a whole host of treasures.
27794	We’ve got youth in our church!
27795	We've heard from people who've bought train tickets to the wrong end of the country, and a 1930s male bathing suit, and chilli vodka that was so hot it was undrinkable - all purchased while inebriated.
27796	We’ve just come through our first revaluation for seven years in 2017, seeing large increases in rates payable for many businesses.
27797	We’ve long drawn attention to how the welfare of wild animals based in such settings is likely to be heavily compromised.
27798	We'’ve noticed a growing trend in towel radiators being chosen in aluminium – designed with more space to hang towels.
27799	We’ve outlined what you shouldn’t do for link building, but what should you be doing?
27800	We’ve pushed ourselves on the advocacy/cheerleading piece.
27801	We've put a real focus on our defence this season and the guys had a huge amount of confidence and trust in each other.
27802	We’ve put together a collection of some of the most common questions we get about HIGH5 products.
27803	We've put together some answers to the most common questions our customers ask us.
27804	We’ve put together the ultimate hen party playlist – you can even easily add it to your Spotify account.
27805	We’ve recently seen the latest insolvency figures for Scotland, showing us how many people entered bankruptcy (2,852) or a Protected Trust Deed (2,526) between July and September.
27806	We’ve recently transitioned to become a Community Benefit Society.
27807	We’ve recruited a team this week to help get the campaign out there.
27808	We’ve regularly called on the Treasury to simplify the tax system.
27809	We've rounded up some responses, starting with this from Natalie who was grooving out to the film's soundtrack.
27810	We very much pride ourselves on providing a friendly, easy and efficient service.
27811	We’ve taken action to help slow their decline but numbers remain dangerously low.
27812	We've taken care to put together a team of dedicated hair and nail professionals to make sure you receive a first class service.
27813	We’ve teamed up with Chi Marquees to bring you only the very best of what you deserve.
27814	We’ve teamed up with Lionsgate to offer readers the chance to attend a preview screening of the film.
27815	We’ve therefore decided to introduce the Winnow technology into 500 sites across the country during 2017, as part of our commitment to cut food waste by 10% by 2020.
27816	We’ve therefore replaced ‘direct award’ with the more flexible further competition procedure, so that a customer can evaluate suppliers on the basis of quality and price, whether the need is for a single role or multiple capabilities as a team.
27817	We’ve treated you to a free Neal’s Yard Remedies Geranium & Orange Hand Cream*, and now we’re offering an exclusive 20% off its products.
27818	We’ve worked closely with Lincolnshire Highways to reach a solution that allows us to complete the essential emergency repairs as quickly as possible.
27819	We viewed the tiny blue penguin chicks in their burrows.
27820	We visit Padstow with its fine medieval buildings, and more recently made famous for its restaurants, including that of the famed chef Rick Stein.
27821	We waited until the second to last render to return to the ship.
27822	We walk along chatting and laughing; we’ll pop into her favourite shops and have a good look at clothes we both like, and jewellery, toiletries or flowers.
27823	We walked to and from the game from the school.
27824	We wanted a four star hotel not too far from the race course and which had a car park because I had hired a car for the time we were in Cheltenham.
27825	We wanted to protect the boys as they were too young to know.
27826	We want the Council to take action to end speeding on Woodham Lane near the Addlestone end.
27827	"We want to be seen as a prestigious wine producer, to do that we use individual soleras, individual grape parcels and just want to show purity.
27828	We want to create an open, caring and respectful Community.
27829	We want to create new routes into jobs and increase diversity across the creative, digital, construction and built environment sectors.
27830	We want to encourage visitors to explore further afield seeing attractions they may not have thought to visit, as well as staying longer to experience the very best that our region has to offer”.
27831	We want to ensure customers are ready to take full advantage of the opportunities available with our innovative access control systems, Net2 and cloud-based Paxton BLU.
27832	We want to ensure that your posts are not missed by the team and GR members by being on the incorrect board.
27833	We want to extend those social, cultural and academic advantages to the whole community of the School.
27834	We want to get this one right and ensure that we have a definitive answer.
27835	We want to make sure that all traders are professionally qualified, that existing codes of conduct are reformed and given teeth and an extension of new rules to increase personal accountability and responsibility of senior managers.”
27836	We want to make sure that we are not sending you too many marketing communications.
27837	We want to protect our natural environment as it is the foundation for our existence.
27838	We want to reassure people that we are here to help them and that what they report to us will be dealt with professionally, courteously and that we will do everything we can to help.
27839	We want to see a shared approach to increasing the cyber resilience of small businesses.
27840	We want to see a smarter approach – one that focusses only on the oldest vehicles and only in those places where there are recognised problems.”
27841	We want your vehicle to look flawless at all times, which is why your paintwork is covered for three years from the date of registration.
27842	We want you to enjoy a great work/life balance, so we offer great working hours.
27843	We was both really interested in anal play and decided to buy one each.
27844	We welcome applications from anyone 16-years-of-age or older.
27845	We welcome the decision announced today by the Department of Health and Social Care to retain access to gluten free breads and flour mixes on prescription in England.
27846	We welcome the Government’s acknowledgement that cosmetics are a small contributor to plastic marine litter.
27847	We welcome the Government’s stated intention to “strengthen collaboration” between Innovate UK and the research base.
27848	We went back a month later and changes were made, and things took off from there.
27849	We were able to interact with the dolphin, touch him, got a kiss, got to hold his fins, it was amazing.
27850	We were able to provide tailored advice to the business not only to confirm their legal after-sales responsibilities but also that their obligations did not extend to a blanket warranty.
27851	We were advised not to open fully, otherwise they jam on the cill.
27852	We were approached by an experienced but part-time landlord who owns eight rental properties.
27853	We were delighted to be joined by two of the girls from the company at our recent event and we hope that they were able to pick up some useful tips and advice to help them on their business venture.”
27854	We were expecting an announcement of a reduction in this penal charge in the Autumn Statement, but the Chancellor decided to announce the change earlier than anticipated at the Conservative Party Conference.
27855	We were formed to encourage participation in running and we provide the ideal opportunity for lone runners to join a non-threatening running club and enjoy the company of others whilst out pounding the streets.
27856	We were founded in June 1913 in the south of England, and since that time we've been determined to make sure we set the example for all dealers in all areas of our business.
27857	We were given 4 x A4 sheets of homes in our borough but this gets narrowed down to just 4 places that do EMI nursing, and then cuts down to 2 places as the other 2 do not take those under 65 yrs of age.
27858	We were given an entertaining and informative illustrated talk about the Hall and its owners and occupiers since it was first built in 1775 by Thomas Harley who made his fortune as a London Banker and government contractor.
27859	We were greeted by a member of the library staff who provided us with a coloured plan of the new layout.
27860	We were greeted by Carwyn Jones, the First Minister, and Mark Drakeford, the cabinet secretary responsible for local communities and equality.
27861	We were introduced to Ingrid Flute's by an estate agent when we were looking for a property.
27862	We were late finishing our meal, no problem for Paul to start later and play till later, with encore too!
27863	We were not convinced and I have asked Fergus Ewing in the strongest terms not to use the title of our well-respected Journal.
27864	We weren’t even sure who was supposed to be preaching…
27865	We weren’t the doomed travellers in a Paul Bowles novel, and we weren’t the idealists or the malarial, religion-damaged burnouts in something by Greene; but we were people far from home nevertheless.
27866	We were officially twinned in 1975.
27867	We were particularly impressed by lunch at the newly-refurbished Waterfalls Cafe where you can enjoy a wide variety of salads, sandwiches, jacket potatoes and omelettes cooked fresh to order.
27868	We were pretty confident that the reason why Apple hadn't yet updated the iMac for 2014 was that it was waiting for Intel to release its new Broadwell chips - which have been delayed.
27869	“We were privileged to fly to a range of countries across Europe and the Middle East with hundreds of thousands of people either seeing these performances live or learning more about the team and the UK through the resulting media coverage.
27870	We were really pleased that was the case, as we think that giving registrants an opportunity to reflect on their practice as a driver for improving quality.
27871	We were returning visitors and thoroughly enjoyed our stay, as always.
27872	We were so touched by the letter, we wanted to share it to demonstrate the positive outcomes that can be achieved when an organisation makes small changes to create an autism friendly space and experience.
27873	"We were thinking they had to come out and have a go at us but I think it gave us the kick up the backside we needed.
27874	We were told by the hon.
27875	We were very comfortable there with our baby.
27876	“We were very ordinary at their place and they got the only goal but that’s all you need to do and they got the points.
27877	We were willing to wait and it was more than worth it!
27878	We were working on a project for The Mix called (this website is now closed), exploring the links between mental health and relationships and I got the idea from there.
27879	We will aim to place equality issues at the centre of our service planning and decision-making processes.
27880	We will also ask about capital that you have previously owned if you have disposed of it with the intention to pay less for social care services.
27881	We will also personally search job boards for those top notch candidates who we think are the best match to your role.
27882	We will also source light bulbs should we not hold them in stock.
27883	We will always endeavour to make the best decision for your own well-being.
27884	We will assist you as far as we can and endeavour to ensure that our staff will conduct themselves in a professional manner to minimise disruption to you and the business or institutional environment where Services are delivered.
27885	We will avoid the problems that this group of amendments is intended to address and, for the reasons I have set out, I urge the noble and learned Lord to withdraw his amendment.
27886	We will be able to present this information to you soon.
27887	We will be at the Driffield show on Wednesday 22nd July.
27888	We will be happy to discuss requirements and assist awarding bodies with managing implementation if/as required.
27889	We will be helping to raise awareness about this new act and letting residents know what the legislation means for them.
27890	We will be marking Merchant Navy Day by flying the Merchant Navy's Red Ensign flag over County Hall this weekend.
27891	We will be more than happy to clean additional kit on the day for commercial businesses and domestic households in East Yorkshire Since 2017 with the majority of our business coming from recommendations and referrals.
27892	We will be particularly interested to see how businesses apply processes, software and customer interfaces to this trend, it’s already common for 3D printing technologies to feature within R&D claims.
27893	We will be recognising the years of work that were spent preparing the line and readying the locomotives and carriages for that special day in June 1968.
27894	We will be recruiting for more staff in the coming months and look forward to hitting the ground running once more.”
27895	We will be staying with you again in August with another couple who we only just met on holiday in Cornwall.
27896	We will be updating the webpage in due course.
27897	We will be working along side Jez our other East coast rep for Cleethorpes and again will keep you posted on the progress.
27898	We will be working with colleagues in Government Digital Services to consider the best way to continue to provide information and updates for agents, as part of the move across to GOV.
27899	We will build on our existing relationship with CMAL and develop joint working based on the principles of BS 11000 Collaborative Business Relationships.
27900	We will carry out a thorough assessment of any life or health policies that you currently have.
27901	We will check whether you are entitled to any of the business rates reliefs or exemptions that exist.
27902	We will collect personal details such as your name, email address and telephone number either from information that you have given us whilst using the website or from any personal correspondence with us, such as emails.
27903	We will collect your full name and contact details (such as phone number, e-mail address and postal address) from you whenever you engage with us.
27904	We will confirm the outcome of this piece of work in the summary of changes that will be issued in January.”
27905	We will continue to be an independent and collective voice for the youth social action sector, helping to foster greater collaboration between provision and provide more opportunities to create a social action journey for young people.
27906	We will continue to monitor dementia developments across the UK, responding and contributing to consultations, attending relevant meetings and events, producing reports and ensuring our members are kept up to date with developments in a timely manner.
27907	We will credit you with a $35 dollars shipping fee for you along with your new item.
27908	We will do gentle exercises and relaxation techniques and adopt correct body postures for the safe practice of performing arts.
27909	We will draw heavily on real-life case studies and there will be plenty of opportunities for discussion and debate within tutorials.
27910	We will draw on literature related to groups and how they work; communities of practice; community learning; and education and a tool for social justice.
27911	We will email you an invoice post sale with details on how to pay, or you can click to make a secure payment online now.
27912	We will estimate each repair and include an 10% administration charge plus VAT.
27913	We will form a strong group bond in which our individual writing can flourish.
27914	We will give you the choice of our higher or lower labour rates.
27915	We will guide you through this difficult time in a professional and understanding manner so the arrangement and conducting of the funeral is carried out to your absolute satisfaction.
27916	We will have no hesitation in recommending Matfen Hall to any of our family and friends in the future.
27917	We will have towels and bed linen to suit your requirements and budget.
27918	“We will have world-leading practitioners and academics delivering the course and showing how real world problems can be addressed, often very cost-effectively."
27919	We will hold data about people who have neither applied to nor attended a CISL programme/course/event but have consented to us keeping in touch with them via a newsletter request, brochure download, or general contact for two years.
27920	We will inspect your property regularly while it is being built or changed.
27921	We will investigate any allegations that we have not met these standards.
27922	We will investigate under the National Health Service (Concerns, Complaints and Redress Arrangements) (Wales) Regulations 2011 and provide an explanation.
27923	We will keep in mind the idea and might be in the future we will consider it.
27924	We will keep these arrangements under review.
27925	We will keep you updated on our progress as the campaign develops, keep an eye out in future editions of Crossed Grain magazine and our member newsletters.
27926	We will keep you up to date with any vacancies.
27927	“We will learn from that,” Knockaert told Brighton’s website.
27928	We will learn that Jenny has a secret from that night – something that set her down a dark path of discovery that now threatens to blow families and a community apart.
27929	We will maintain, upgrade and remodel the track layout around Oxford station.
27930	We will make a decision on whether to list the asset within eight weeks of receiving a completed nomination form.
27931	We will make sure this is passed on to him, I'm sure he will be delighted.
27932	We will mark each with the date of the most recent updates.
27933	We will need to ask you for certain personal information to complete your data access request.
27934	We will need to cancel your card immediately.
27935	We will not accept any liability for tickets or other goods and services which have been ordered through our website using your credit card by someone not authorised to do so.
27936	We will not respond to you for any further information.
27937	We will not sell or trade your personal data.
27938	We will of course be adding this functionality to our web interface (and RSS, in the coming weeks.
27939	We will often attempt to resolve unauthorised breaches through negotiation, rather than immediate formal action.
27940	We will pay your Housing Benefit to your bank or building society account.
27941	We will profile exciting events across the country.”
27942	We will provide product to the agreed product specification.
27943	We will provide you with a free review of your business plan using our years of experience of business in your trade to analyse your business plan and help highlight any missing opportunities unbudgeted costs or relevant tax legislation and costs.
27944	We will publish further updates as more information becomes available.
27945	We will recover it to prevent it attracting rubbish, and reuse it.
27946	We will reply to you within 28 days with the companys' response and to advise you on any further measures we need to take.
27947	We will see a major shake-up in the industry with many new entrants, and probably the creation of a host of new usages.
27948	We will send you an email about how you can provide this information securely.
27949	We will send you a renewal reminder in the post or by email.
27950	We will soon undertake a comprehensive ‘stocktake’ of cyber security arrangements across all councils in England.
27951	We will suggest a pre-treatment if necessary and recommend the correct after care products to protect against excessive colour fade and ensure that your hair’s cuticle of lays flat and reflects your new colour with radiance.
27952	We will use the information we gather to carry out our duties to our clients and also to comply with current and future legislation.
27953	We will use this information to send you requested services.
27954	"We will work with colleagues from all sides of the chamber to ensure Elmbridge continues to thrive.
27955	We will work with you to create your perect shade and shape for your face, you will be amazed at the difference it will make to your eyeshape, and can even give the appearence of an eyelift!
27956	We will work with you to find workable solutions and deliver them in an understandable way.
27957	We will work with you to see how your child's needs can be met and what the support and review arrangements will be.
27958	We will write to NGL seeking improvement.
27959	We wish him all the best."
27960	We wish to express our sincere thanks to those close friends of Willie's who supported and helped him prior to his admission to hospital, visited him in hospital and helped on the day of the funeral.
27961	We won it for our ‘ambiance, choice of whisky and friendly staff’, something we hope everyone who has ever visited us will agree with.
27962	We won’t mark a step as complete until we’ve completed all the work.
27963	We work closely with each person to create their own support plan and put it into practice.
27964	We work closely with the Fire Service to ensure we remain fully compliant with all fire safety regulations, have robust fire safety regimes and carry our regular inspections in all of our high rise buildings.
27965	We work closely with the pharmaceutical, medical device, advanced manufacturing and graphene sectors to provide imaging and analysis solutions.
27966	We worked closely with our clients to publish a site that is functional, attractive and will accurately represent their business on the web.
27967	We work fast, and at the right price with all the key metrics for you to manage the world from your desk.
27968	We work in partnership with many global, blue chip companies from Bentley Motor Cars and Jaguar Design, to GlaxoSmithKline and some of the very best Design Consultancies such as DCA, Seymour Powell, Product Partners.
27969	We work in partnership with our customers from initial concept design through to oven manufacture and after sales services we offer a Full Turn Key Package.
27970	We work to ensure that all children in Cambridgeshire are safe and find the best option to ensure this is the case.
27971	We work with 1 Abarth dealer in Salisbury.
27972	We work with a number of schools in Brent.
27973	We work with businesses in Royston to increase their website visitors and in turn increase their customer base and grow their business.
27974	We work with governments internationally, politicians and policy makers, research organisations, education organisations, schools and other educational settings, non government organisations, companies and corporations and many other types of entities.
27975	We work with major employers in all sectors, and prizes for the best team projects have in the past been sponsored by companies such as Deloitte, Procter & Gamble, Screenmedia and Ernst & Young.
27976	We work with our customers across many types of education (school, college, vocational and professional education) supporting academic examinations, portfolio assessments of skills and observational workplace assessments for professionals.
27977	We work with private clients, building contractors, architects and interior designers and enjoy making site visits, meeting with clients so we can help select the best approach for your project.
27978	We would also change the traffic order and install signage to exempt cyclists from the existing banned right turns at this junction.
27979	We would also like to thank you personally for doing all that you could to facilitate our sale.
27980	We would argue that there is a strong case to be made for a regulatory requirement for all new vehicles to be fitted with AEB by 2020.
27981	We would be happy to offer advice for how you can look after the athletics surfacing yourself by preventing damage and weathering as much as possible through regular cleaning.
27982	We would certainly recommend the property to anybody looking for a luxurious holiday.
27983	“We would dearly love to purchase a projector which would be really useful in our shows and add a really exciting dimension to our productions.
27984	“We would like the Pavilion to have an original design of international quality and significance that says ‘Edinburgh’.
27985	We would like to congratulate our Finance Director, Amanda Shea, who was short-listed for the Barclay’s Yorkshire Women in Business Awards and was invited to.
27986	We would like to invite all members and friends to our 2017 Annual Meeting.
27987	We would like to reiterate that Holiday Extras takes all complaints extremely seriously.
27988	We would like to see a stronger commitment from Ofsted in valuing education for sustainable development which will give schools even greater confidence to experiential learning.
27989	We would like to thank all of your staff, whether in sales, surveying, digging out the building of walls, erecting and fitting the windows or plastering the walls.
27990	We would like to thank the OSA for their continued support of the academy and Maun Motors for their assistance in the sale of the van, which is now the third vehicle they have supplied to the club in the last 18 months.
27991	"We would like to thank you for making our evening wedding reception such a success.
27992	We would love to see you, and we will endeavour to help in any way we can.
27993	We would not recommend a value of over £4,000 as this may close avenues when you want the limited company to dissolve.
27994	We would recommend FireWire as the best connection - USB is really to slow and USB 2.0 only works under OSX and anyway FireWire is by far the most common connection for data storage devices on Macs.
27995	We would recommend Madeira for a holiday,its a lovely place with friendly people.
27996	We would take that with the utmost seriousness.
27997	“We would urge motorists to think about the consequences of using their phones behind the wheel.
27998	We would wait to sit in their section, great personalities as well.
27999	We would welcome your feedback on the OPEn study reports.
28000	We write tests that are run whenever we change things.
28001	Whalsay’s Scott Johnson holds off the challenge of Thistle defender Stuart Copland.
28002	What a beautiful Island and what a fun way to see it all.
28003	What a beautiful place La Maison Breuil is.
28004	What a beautiful place to stay in, lovely green fields and woodlands.
28005	What about all the time and money that has been spent on developing the starter homes scheme over the past two years?
28006	What about buying a gun privately?
28007	What about compensation claims against ride-sharing services such as Uber?
28008	What about some marketing?
28009	What a choice this shop has, we have tried other shops but were not able to locate what we required.
28010	What a contrast.
28011	What a difference from the old Stoll we can remember!
28012	What advice would you give someone considering professional registration as a CEng?
28013	What advice would you give to aspiring romance writers?
28014	What a fantastic stay at Harbour View.
28015	“What a fuss about an omelette!” he had exclaimed when he heard of the burning.
28016	What and when do leopard geckos eat?
28017	What appear to be five or more scribes in the descriptions of are judged to be three or fewer in Treharne's analysis.
28018	What are my Options?
28019	What are natural resourcesThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience.
28020	What are some plans that you have to prepare for this season, Black Friday, Cyber Monday?
28021	What are the actual legal, ethical, social, political, creative, and economic implications of living in an increasingly digital world?
28022	What are the areas within VAT that are currently on HMRC’s radar?
28023	What are the best golf clubs in 2018?
28024	What are the challenges currently faced by the private sector?
28025	What are the daily routines in the Kindergarten?
28026	What are the disadvantages of offshore investments?
28027	What are the eating and drinking facilities?
28028	What are the eligibility criteria for your service?
28029	What are the explanations?
28030	What are the rules for a zebra crossing, is it a shared responsibility where pedestrians waits for a driver to stop and let them cross safely, and drivers should be aware that pedestrian are waiting for a safe opportunity to cross?
28031	What are the rules for paying into pensions, and what tax relief do I get on contributions?
28032	What Are The Symptoms of Diabetes?
28033	What are the symptoms of glue ear?
28034	What are they seeking to foster?
28035	What are we going to do about it?
28036	What are you doing to ensure that your business is not helping offenders to upload, share or view sexual images and videos of children?
28037	What are your rights if you hold a ticket to one of Peter Kay's cancelled shows?
28038	What are your thoughts on organ donation?
28039	What a terrific, professional, pretty display!
28040	• What can be claimed for after a personal injury?
28041	What can be Claimed for due to Optician Negligence?
28042	What can I say you lifted the weight from my shoulders I felt like I could spend my time thinking about mum and not about inevitable.
28043	What can the Education Authority do?
28044	What can they be alluding to?
28045	What category number applies to your household income before TAX?
28046	What charitable purposes will your work promote?
28047	What comes first in the creative process: music, concept or dancer?
28048	What conservation work is taking place?
28049	What consideration has she given to the recommendations of the interim Elliott review that there should be better coordination and integration of local authorities and also, possibly, a public analyst service?
28050	What did was a full economic recovery.
28051	What did you have to do in your audition?
28052	What did you need to use those funds for?
28053	What difference does Brexit make to applicants from the EU?
28054	What do children and young people tell Childline?
28055	What do children eat for lunch and what games do they play at break time?
28056	What does Brexit mean for your legal matter?
28057	What does the latest research tell us about tackling the issue?
28058	What does your tax code mean and how does it effect how much tax you pay?
28059	What do I do if I no longer need my permit?
28060	What do I do if my car share partner is away?
28061	What do I need to complete an online application?
28062	What do we mean by negotiation?
28063	What do we mean when we speak about coaching and mentoring approaches?
28064	What do you enjoy most about living and studying in Winchester?
28065	What do you expect the monthly outgoings will cost?
28066	What do you need to get accepted for a basic account?
28067	What do you think made them attracted to working with you specifically?
28068	What do you think of our new advert?
28069	What do you want to achieve from social media?
28070	What else could Jake have done?
28071	What else should I consider?
28072	Whatever it is needs to be unrewarded and the individual must not have previously sought reward or acknowledgment.
28073	Whatever part of Gran Canaria you'd like to be located in, and whatever the size of your family or group you can be assured of a wonderful self-catering holiday home with Owner's Direct.
28074	Whatever stage your prostate cancer has reached, try to give yourself time to do the things you enjoy and spend time with those who care about you.
28075	Whatever the end goal, Italian language courses provide participants with the skills they need to use the Italian language effectively.
28076	Whatever the issue, here at Kenwood our damp proofing specialists in London can solve it.
28077	Whatever the nature of the dispute or inquiry, a client has a right to be represented by a tax adviser.”
28078	Whatever the piece, patience and painstaking care every step of the way is what produces a high quality work and a fine finish.
28079	Whatever the space constraints, he can make it work.
28080	Whatever you choose, make sure you enjoy getting ready and look forward to your time together, and ban any 'mundane' chat so you can truly reconnect.
28081	Whatever your age, a divorce can be stressful and burdened with financial worries, not least of all having to face the acrimonious task of splitting your assets.
28082	Whatever your enabling requirements, we are confident that we can accommodate your needs.
28083	Whatever your needs or requirements, posters are an economic method of distributing information to a remote audience.
28084	Whatever your requirements are, if you need an Oxford to Belgium removals service, get in touch with our friendly team for a great value, no obligation quote today!
28085	Whatever your requirement, you can rest assured that we’ll value your event and deliver quality, personal care as well as an exciting and innovative package of products and services.
28086	Whatever your resolution - whether you're trying to lose those excess pounds, learn to play a new instrument, quit smoking, or simply make that commitment you keep letting slip- we've put together a list of tips we hope will help you on your journey.
28087	What exactly is Unified Communications and how can it be delivered ‘as a Service’?
28088	What fees are employers charged?
28089	What flow rate can pass through the Tre Mercati Roma valve, either gravity fed with 2mtr head or mains water and pumped hot water at 1.0bar?
28090	What good has all this cancer research done?
28091	What goods can be sold on a Sunday?
28092	What happened to 3 and 4? Good thing is that time restrictions on ticket are displayed on…
28093	What happens after the report has been written?
28094	What happens during hysterectomy surgery?
28095	What happens if I end my tenancy?
28096	What happens if there is a problem with with CPD record?
28097	What happens if you live outside the protected area, but you suspect vortex damage?
28098	What happens in an equine therapy session?
28099	What happens when my trial ends?
28100	What has changed in your work since you started drawing cartoons for The Telegraph?
28101	What has kept us at the top of the home improvements industry in Surrey?
28102	What have Aaron Cresswell, Sam Byram and Michail Antonio all have in common?
28103	What have you gained from your experience?
28104	What he describes as a muddle is a reflection of the Government’s approach—which we think is the right one—which is to respect what local communities want.
28105	What I am laying out is an extremely tall order in respect of the IT function’s aspiration, and the talent pool needed to deliver it.
28106	What I do have an issue with are those people who decided, without any knowledge or justification, that they wanted out regardless.
28107	What if I can’t afford the funeral costs?
28108	What if I catch them in the act?
28109	What if I don’t agree with the valuation of my property?
28110	What if someone breaks the rules for use of the library/IT facilities?
28111	What if the business changes ownership, before using its full £3,000 Employment Allowance?
28112	What if we look at things a little different.
28113	What if you don’t know who the neighbours are?
28114	What impact did service in the army have on African men and their families?
28115	"What information can I find on my ancestors in these records?"
28116	What information is being collected about me?
28117	What information should I expect from my company?
28118	What inspired you to work in this field?
28119	What I really like about this role is that I learn so much from the young people I meet.
28120	What is Ali's link to Michelle Connor?
28121	What is a masterplan?
28122	What is an Access to Higher Education (HE) course?
28123	What is a personal savings allowance?
28124	What is consent to let?
28125	What is even more impressive about the new Mercedes-Benz CLS, however, is the way in which it further promotes that feel of comfort.
28126	What is everyone doing this evening?
28127	What is Gap Insurance?
28128	What is it like to work for Handle Recruitment Ltd.
28129	What is its real function in the real world where this practice is really happening?
28130	What is needed is a strategy to address the conditions that give rise to crime: inequality, lack of opportunity, squashed aspiration and the marginalisation of disadvantaged communities.
28131	What is net migration and how well is it measured?
28132	What is next in terms of career/ further study after your Masters degree?
28133	What is output work for minimum wage purposes?
28134	What is ‘prejudice’ and how do we decide whether disclosure would cause this?
28135	"What is slightly unusual about Kathy’s wide range of achievements is the lack of any pre-existing ‘invisible college’ (sensu Diane Crane) into which she became a member.
28136	What is surprising is that there are probably more classic frames being built in both the States and Australia than here in the UK.
28137	What Is The Average Payout for A Car Accident Claim?
28138	What is the City Index policy on Cryptocurrencies forking?
28139	What is the HR Excellence in Research Award?
28140	What is the maximum Housing Benefit my tenants could get?
28141	What is the next step after proof of concept?
28142	What is the point of bank notes if shops can refuse to accept them?
28143	What is the Primary French Project?
28144	What is the Secretary of State’s solution to his failing franchising model, as competition dwindles and premiums to the Exchequer reduce?
28145	What is the significance of the oblique through many of the graves.
28146	What is the single highest payment made to a former Police Authority employee?
28147	What is the story you are most proud of?
28148	What is TINA – The Tina Turner Musical about?
28149	What is your personal history?
28150	What is your policy on health & safety requirements?
28151	What John told the assistant was exactly how he got to where he did.
28152	What kind of apps, tools, services, or processes do you use?
28153	Whatley played the ball to Malin on the edge of the area who sent a speculative volley towards the goal.
28154	What lovely news to start the week! star Jennie McAlpine has announced on social media that she is expecting her second baby.
28155	What makes for the ideal storage?
28156	What makes hydrogen fuel cell cars a more appealing prospect, however, is their ability to travel much further per fill than nearly all electric cars, with fill-up times that are a mere fraction of those needed to recharge an electric car.
28157	What makes sense to you as an author might not be clear to our users.
28158	What many businesses might not know is that while energy costs might make up a small percentage of turnover, according to the Carbon Trust reducing them can directly increase the business’ revenue the need to increase sales.
28159	What menus / meals are offered?
28160	What mitigation measures including phasing are being proposed to alleviate any likely harmful impacts caused by the development?
28161	What more could you want.”
28162	What next for Michael Bisping?
28163	What other festive sounds can you make?
28164	What +PAGE do I enter for scans that contain a double page?
28165	What permissions does an adviser need to have?
28166	What plans his Department has to relieve congestion and support growth through investment in roads in Worcestershire.
28167	What puzzles me is the connection with the amendment that the noble Baroness has tabled.
28168	What’s a Christmas Day meal without the traditional flamed Christmas Pudding to follow?
28169	What’s great here is the level of personalisation it provides, but also the advantages it creates for Marketers.
28170	What should an SME prioritise when choosing a provider?
28171	What should I ask my hairdresser for to ensure the desired effect?
28172	What should I do if I cause damage to another vehicle?
28173	What should I do if I have sudden hearing loss?
28174	What should I do if my employer isn't paying me the Real Living Wage?
28175	What should I not put in the garden waste bin?
28176	What’s more, it really will last you, and we’re talking decades — if you look after it.
28177	What’s more, the new car registrations ranked the Ford Kuga as the ninth best-selling model in the UK.
28178	What’s more, they may lead you to develop an which means you can never colour your hair again.
28179	What’s more, with the US – the largest economy in the world – struggling, Eurozone exports could suffer in the coming months, particularly given the high exchange rate.
28180	What's On in TamesideEvents including sport, dances, clubs and lots more.
28181	What's on offer in terms of cheap student deals/nights out / places to eat?
28182	What sort of music did you grow up listening to?
28183	What’s the biggest hurdle you’ve faced in business so far?
28184	What’s the deal with ‘faith’ schools?
28185	What’s the difference between a personal search and an official search by the local authority?
28186	What’s the most common question you get asked when couples come to see you?
28187	What support can people expect?
28188	What supporting documents will I have to provide?
28189	What's with all the rubber-necking?
28190	What’s your least favourite part?
28191	What the country now needs is a similar reforming mindset applied to the tax system.
28192	What the specialist will work on 1. Support the Head of Digital Delivery to set up and lead the Engineering Practice (including Development, DevOps/SRE, Test/QA, Infrastructure and Technical Leadership).
28193	What the UK’s position perhaps reveals is that the single market – what it means, and what it consists of – is not well or widely understood.
28194	“What they have done is something that probably nobody is ever going to see again or it's going to be a while till you see it.
28195	"What they will consult on, and what they're doing at the moment, is saying look, where are there possible concessions to be made?
28196	What this means is Bristol water will be able to get water to the areas such as Cheddar, Banwell, Burnham, Weston-super-Mare and Glastonbury through more than one route.
28197	What this means is that there is great potential for drivers in the major road approaching this junction not appreciating that there is POTENTIALLY a hazard up ahead of traffic emerging from the junction.
28198	What to do if you are going to attend a tribunal hearing.
28199	What to do in Conwy in North Wales.
28200	What type of string setup do you favour?
28201	What types of cookies do we use on our website?
28202	“What was even more surprising to everyone was learning how easily it can be treated,” he said.
28203	What was the project that you worked on that made the most impact on you and why?
28204	What was those weeks like?
28205	What was your favourite part of writing the book?
28206	What we are trying to get at is clear.
28207	What we can try to do is to better ourselves.
28208	What we need is self-motivated and self-driven software developers.
28209	What we’re starting to talk about here is employee engagement – how much your employees will go the extra mile for you.
28210	What were the issues that you were running into?
28211	What we will be doing now is looking at treatments for dementia.
28212	What will happen to EU staff once the UK leaves the EU?
28213	What will I study on the course?
28214	What will you miss most about Denise Chapman?
28215	What would happen if no one did your role?
28216	What would the view have been from New Street, looking towards St. Michael's church?
28217	What you’d do On our Tax summer internship you’ll experience work and life at PwC, and gain a valuable insight into our business and culture.
28218	What, you don't love our invoices?
28219	What you may see in the future is that insurers put far more emphasis on the type of car that you drive, or what occupation you have.
28220	Wheels of Time visit - Rose St Cottage of Curiosities Join Roamin’ Rex, our time travelling character, as he discovers Kent’s fantastic museums and heritage sites.
28221	When account was taken for these biases in the analysis, there was weak evidence for a specific effect of homoeopathic remedies, but strong evidence for specific effects of conventional interventions.
28222	When a child is caught they lose one life.
28223	When a complaint is incoherent or illegible.
28224	When acting as the sponsor, NHS R&D offices will be involved in the oversight of the trial by guiding the Chief Investigator and managing the risks associated with any trial initiated.
28225	When Alice chases after a white rabbit, tumbling down the burrow, she little expects the fantastical world that greets her at the bottom.
28226	When a mole is captured I will remove and dispose of it.
28227	When Andy wasn’t fit and gave me the armband it was great.
28228	When an individual adult or group would like to run prize gaming from a premises that does not already have an existing premises licence or a club gaming permit, they should apply to the Local Licensing Authority for a prize gaming permit.
28229	When applying for funding from the Crewe Town Council Small Grants Scheme, organisations must take into account the criteria detailed below:-
28230	When approving access agreements our expectation has always been that the minimum bursary should rise in line with inflation.
28231	When a pre-existing rock is chemically or physically altered by heat, pressure or chemically active fluids.
28232	When are my recycling and refuse collections over Christmas?
28233	When are the MTV Europe Music Awards on?
28234	When a small Blackburn-based firm was hit with a virus last year, access to 12,000 business critical files was lost.
28235	When a virus infects a cell, a cell is typically something we don’t think of.
28236	When a young Jim Ede (then Assistant Keeper at Tate Gallery) expressed surprise on seeing Picasso’s limousine, the artist laconically commented: ‘I am a great master now – you have to have a motor car.’
28237	When booking, please ensure there is enough time to obtain the tourist cards via your preferred method, prior to departure.
28238	When booking your car rental to Warwickshire we can offer a range of additional extras to ensure your safety and comfort.
28239	When borrowing money, you’ll need to contribute a much higher percentage as the deposit.
28240	When building regulations apply.
28241	When business owners make the leap into the online market to sell home hardware, if they go it alone, they're bound to run into a few headaches and hiccups along the way.
28242	When calling, make sure you have a bill to hand as quoting your account number can speed up the process.
28243	When carrying out your volunteering activities you are expected to be ambassadors for the organisation.
28244	When Chanelle was just five months old, Andrea was murdered by one of her clients, Keith Pollard.
28245	When children have opportunities to play with ideas in different situations and with a variety of resources, they discover connections and come to new and better understandings and ways of doing things.
28246	When choosing a type approval service, speed, cost, accuracy and integrity are the key factors our customers look for.
28247	When Chris Martin from Coldplay singswe don’t imagine that he’s singing to us; we imagine that, with him, we’re singing to our (sometimes imaginary) lover or friend.
28248	When completely cool, insert faux flower stems or lollipop sticks into the cake balls.
28249	When considering a finance application, a lender will look at a number of different factors, including your income and employment, to gauge suitability of the loan.
28250	When considering gloves think about what you need them for and what sort of conditions you'll be expecting.
28251	When cooking then keep the kitchen door shut and ventilate the kitchen before opening the door, the same principle applies to bathrooms and shower rooms.
28252	When courses are identical though, as they largely are with theses courses, the decision becomes more difficult.
28253	When Dave R put on the winch operator's headphones for a CTD cast his ears got quite a shock to discover they were covered in a layer of ice!
28254	When dialled, the call will be pointed to a landline or mobile number of your choice.
28255	When did you first get into yoga and how did this happen?
28256	When do I need to pay my deposit?
28257	When do users of Google, Bing and Yahoo use these search engines?
28258	When do you want to sell?
28259	When eventually implemented, the introduction of universal credit will represent one of the biggest reforms to the benefits system in many decades.
28260	"Whenever I left the ward for tests I'd have to be wired up to a defibrillator.
28261	Whenever I make my family proud, so I think receiving my MBE was a super proud moment.
28262	Whenever we are carrying out a repair at your home, a responsible person aged 18 years or over must be there for the whole time the repair is taking place if the tenant cannot be present.
28263	‘When family come round during the festive season, we often end up spilling into this very sociable space,’ they say.
28264	When fields become flooded or a river overflows, these effect lead to localised flooding event when drains are in perfect working order.
28265	When flooding is looking imminent homeowners should disconnect washing machines and dishwashers to prevent backflow in addition to turning off gas, electricity and water at the stop valve.
28266	When fortune frowns, friends become known, says a Gaelic proverb.
28267	When Gnomeo and Juliet return home to find that everyone in their garden is missing – there’s only one gnome to call… Sherlock Gnomes.
28268	When Google processes 20 Petabytes of data a day, and pays proportionately less tax than me, uploading 3 Gb doesn't seem that much.
28269	When he died in 1921, aged 94, he was the last of the Chartists from that great campaign (1838-1858) which had galvanised the public.
28270	When he was graduated in 1915, he won a fellowship in didactic and polemic theology, which he used toward studies in Spanish culture at Madrid, Spain, to prepare for missionary work in Latin America.
28271	When hiring a website designer or website design agency in Royston to build your business website it can be a daunting task.
28272	When I arrived, I was given forms to fill out with my bank details and a copy was taken of my P45.
28273	When I could no longer take SSRI’s due to side-effects, I tried St John’s wort as an alternative.
28274	“When I crossed that line in Moscow – and it might not look like this to people watching on TV –I knew I was in contention, I knew I had enough time.
28275	When I led the City Council, in addition to the 600+ additional on-street cycle places we created, I launched a study to find a location for further covered parking.
28276	When I moved to Australia at 18 I had a terrible diet.
28277	When in season we buy our asparagus from Derek Wilkinson just two miles away in Salford Priors where the crop is freshly cut every day and we also buy most of our salad leaves from the Hollis family in our village of Dunnington.
28278	When insulation is placed at this position the roof is often referred to as a 'warm roof'.
28279	When is a death reported to the Coroner?
28280	When I saw the opportunity to become a student blogger, I thought I’d give it a shot.
28281	When is Coronation Street on next week?
28282	When I started at Jaguar, in Instrumentation, I was gobsmacked to get my first task - making a pre- or early pot-war instrument to work again.
28283	When is the FA Cup Final 2018 on TV, what channel, who is presenting, what special programmes are on?
28284	When is the right time to "close" the garden and prepare it for winter?
28285	When it all comes together like it did this evening you can’t help but feel incredibly proud of this school.
28286	When it broke, she paid for it to be fixed, thinking she would be able to claim back the cost.
28287	When it comes to adornments, the approved used Fiat 500 has more options than most, which is why you will find that a wide variety of models look somewhat unique - even if the visual differences are provided by a few decals.
28288	When it comes to Brexit and the environment our ties to the EU are complex.
28289	When it comes to drink, Guinness is obviously what Dublin is best known for, and if you haven't tried the stuff in its homeland, you don't know what you're missing.
28290	When it comes to improvement, we don’t believe in applying sticking plasters to problem areas.
28291	When it comes to local economies, I am sure that the hon.
28292	When it comes to location, Rota Samoy Hotel in Marmaris takes some beating.
28293	When it comes to pan European sales, Toyota yield to nobody in this market, but the X-Trail has, for a couple of years now, been recognised as the market leader on these shores.
28294	When it comes to performance, there’s something to suit all driving styles and budgets.
28295	When it comes to telephone, online and face-to-face counselling, workplace provision is a very different model to that used in private counselling.
28296	When it comes to the larger jobs, however, manufacturers have welcomed the move to Type Approval.
28297	When it comes to your recommendations for future investigations, the report talks about a ‘national standardised investigation process (for local use) for when things go wrong’.
28298	When I think of how we went about things here in the UK over Scottish independence, again I thank my lucky stars I’m British.
28299	When it rains hard my feet do get wet but not as bad as you think.
28300	When I tried to contact the seller I was unable to reach anyone.
28301	When it's just right, our workshop professionals make your banners or flags using latest production technology.
28302	When I use my 3 connect Wi-Fi and dongle, both are working fine and report network 4 in use.
28303	'When I was 21, I was diagnosed with Vestibular Neuritis which meant I could no longer follow my original career path.
28304	When I was a baby a doctor told my mum I was blind.
28305	When I was born in the mid 60s, the Chinese were just coming out of the Great Leap Forward in which tens of millions had died, and when I was a teenager Band Aid was flashing images of starving Ethiopians around the world.
28306	When Lewis' Mum passed away life was turned upside down for him and his siblings.
28307	When London taxi driver John Worboys was convicted of drugging and sexually assaulting his passengers, it emerged that many women had been reporting attacks for almost seven years, only to have their claims dismissed by the police as "no crime".
28308	When many couples get around to the prospect of making a Will, quite often they will opt for the standard ‘mirror’ version.
28309	When mixed with Flexmaster additive, Extrabond is suitable for fixing to a wider variety of substrates.
28310	When Nick asked her if she does want to be in the same place as Norway, Ms Thornberry responded: "No, of course not."
28311	When other tweeters complained to Stacey about his off-colour comments, he started to use racist language.
28312	When paying by bank transfer, all bank fees and money transfer costs must be prepaid by the transmitter.
28313	When politicians say the vote to leave the EU reflects immigration concerns, this simply cannot be said for international students.
28314	When possible, make responses anonymous.
28315	When possible, we invite people to come and see us before there’s a need, when you can sit down, have a cup of coffee and smile about what we are talking about.
28316	When received, the Mayor's Secretary will check the Mayor's availability.
28317	When referring to Section 172, BEIS expects this to be addressed in terms of Enlighted Shareholder Value (ESV).
28318	When replying to this comment: “But, Tommy, do we need structure?
28319	When returning an item, please follow the instructions provided on the return label included in your parcel.
28320	When sales are going down or not growing it means that your profits are low.
28321	When she asked where it was we told her that she had said she had lost it and we promise to look for it.
28322	When she died, a church was constructed over her grave – the church of St. Ia, which stands to this day.
28323	When she finally settles down she is very affectionate and loves to be made a fuss of.
28324	When should a community conversation happen and how often?
28325	When snow is more than deep, it needs to be mechanically removed by ploughing or digging.
28326	When software updates are needed, you can simply park in the garage or close to home and connect SYNC 3 to your home WiFi network.
28327	When someone you care for goes into hospital, a Discharge Plan will be put in place.
28328	When something happens like one of the previously mentioned events, things come to a head, and this is often when couples and families will ask for help.
28329	When speaking to company representatives, don’t expect them to do all the work.
28330	When starting out, far too many small business owners are so excited that they want to “do it all”.
28331	When stressed, the body thinks it is under attack and switches to ‘fight or flight’ mode, releasing a complex mix of hormones and chemicals such as adrenaline, cortisol and norepinephrine to prepare the body for physical action.
28332	When such 'legal' methods fail, there are always other options.
28333	When suffering from a fracture or something similar using a bed pan can be excruciating or physically impossible.
28334	When the answer to ‘What do you do?’ arrives it sounds like a cliché?
28335	When the bombing of Syria began in September, Obama announced with pride that Saudi Arabia, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Turkey were all joining the US as military partners against Isis.
28336	When the consultant first mentioned a referral to Martin House, we thought she was going to die imminently because she’d been referred to a hospice.”
28337	When the council receives the notice they may get in touch to offer to help you.
28338	When the creation of the Canal Quarter does go ahead, near the foot of Castle Hill, it will be latest in a long line of projects to have taken place around the town.
28339	When the deck was hosed down in the early hours of the morning we had the benefit of an early wake up call.
28340	When the fire burns out and the rampart finally cools, the burnt and molten rocks form large blocks of conglomerated stone.
28341	When the licensed vehicle reaches 10 years from the date of first registration, it shall be permitted to remain licensed until the licence expires provided it continues to be mechanically sound and passes the vehicle licensing inspection.
28342	When the more obvious path peters out, head right, to the top of the hill.
28343	When the museum moves between venues it travels in a large articulated lorry and is assembled piece by piece like a giant jigsaw often confusing shoppers who see a polar bear being unloaded in the town centre.
28344	“When the National Park invited landowners to produce a Whole Estate Plan we could see the value that it would bring to the Wiston Estate, particularly given that we are in a period of succession between generations.
28345	When the offer closes, we will submit your application on your behalf.
28346	When the problems continued despite attempts to put them right, she said that she wanted to return the van and cancel the finance agreement.
28347	When the red man is lit pedestrians should not cross (although it is not against the law to do so).
28348	When the repair job is finished, your aerial will be aligned for maximum signal using a spectrum analyser to ensure fantastic picture quality before we finish the job.
28349	When these figures are known, the CVA proposals can be drawn up and will show the repayment plan that should lead to creditors being repaid.
28350	When the seller has accepted an offer on the property but contracts have not yet been exchanged.
28351	When the teams last met in the Sectional League Cup final it was the Bankies who lifted the trophy with a 2-0 win.
28352	When the time comes to exchange contracts, the buyer must put down a deposit, typically this is 10 per cent of the purchase price.
28353	When the time does eventually come to swap out your home’s existing windows for some shiny new replacements, we wouldn’t blame your immediate thoughts to rest with aesthetics, security, and thermal performance.
28354	When the victim denies making the payment — which has been fabricated as part of the con — the crook posing as a TSB worker warns the customer that they have been defrauded.
28355	When the woman refused to consent to the caesarian, the doctors returned to the High Court to get another order forcing her to comply.
28356	When the work requires the consultant to use departmental facilities, the costs associated with using such facilities must be built in to the overall consultancy fee that is charged to the client.
28357	When they got out there and did everything they did it was amazing.
28358	When they learn you're one of the trustees they treat you differently; it is hilarious to watch but also quite frustrating.
28359	When this is installed, the following deadkeys place the accent noted on the letter following, provided the accented character is present in Unicode: acute accent: AltGr/'
28360	When this kitten matured, her own litter also included a couple of kittens with these distinctive ears.
28361	When Thomas was running Wall's in the 1900s he had to lay off stay in the summer as demand for sausages, pies and meat fell.
28362	When transformed from old materials of which there are only a limited few, these items can’t help but be one-of-a-kind, or at the very least one from a very small set.
28363	When travelling to the USA, British citizens require passports with an integrated chip (shown on the front by a small rectangular symbol beneath the word PASSPORT), valid for 90 days after the return date from the tour.
28364	When two partners are establishing an intimate, sexual relationship, it is important for them to trust each other.
28365	When using the Amazon Fire Stick and the HBO Go app there seems to be a conflict.
28366	When using the download wizard your software will use the basket field to identify products and charges that have been used to build the order.
28367	When viewing accommodation, take someone along, or tell them where you’re going and when you’ll be back.
28368	When we arrived back around 3 the room still wasn’t ready but the kids were tired and said any room would do so we got a view room a few floors lower than the original one- which still had AMZING views (see photos).
28369	“When we began, the bank was helpful.
28370	When we came to look for them last week 6 days before the event I searched the house from top to bottom and then came to the conclusion they had been thrown out with all the wrapping paper etc on xmas morn.
28371	When we drink, alcohol is absorbed into the body via the stomach and small intestines.
28372	When we got in there with the infrared camera, though, it soon became clear that wasn’t the case.”
28373	When we had so many bands, there were still only a certain number of them that were musically quite good.
28374	When we hear the testimonies of those to be baptised, they often speak of finding ‘the way’.
28375	When we reached Gowran Park on the Saturday it was snowing.
28376	When we receive a request, we will acknowledge receipt of it within five days.
28377	When we received the star back in 1994 we didn’t really appreciate what had just happened, my team and I were genuinely too busy understand what had really happened.
28378	When we tested the 5K Retina display on the 2014 5K Retina iMac we saw it turn in some of the best numbers our colorimeter had ever measured.
28379	When we tested the new designs in user research labs, we saw that the evaluation process was much easier to understand.
28380	When we think of Hinkley Point, we tend to think of the construction and operation of the nuclear core and associated electrical infrastructure - but the opportunities which will flow from the project are much more diverse than that.
28381	When will benefit be paid from?
28382	When William the Norman established himself and his followers here, he also more extensively established the feudal frame of government; under which the king had little authority, and the people little or no liberty.
28383	When will my student loan be written off?
28384	When will postponed gigs at Manchester Arena be on?
28385	When will your fraud figures be available?
28386	When would you like to schedule a visit?
28387	When you apply for a role we ask for your name, phone numbers, and email address.
28388	When you are grooming in the shower and need to get up close and personal, our Travel Fogless Shower Mirror will not let you down.
28389	When you are looking at vans you need to consider payloads, access to the load space and the size/shape of typical goods to be transported.
28390	When you are setting up your business, you may well think of your key skills as being the ones associated with the products or services you are selling.
28391	When you arrange your car rental at Aktion Airport you will also have the chance to order from a range of extras to enhance your driving.
28392	When you ask Siri to make a payment, it will recognise certain words or phrases like ‘for’, ‘with reference’ and ‘with note’ to automatically add a reference.
28393	When you become our client you will wave goodbye to those nonsense accountancy bills that so many accountants are guilty of…
28394	When you build an extension, you effectively move the light source for existing rooms several metres away.
28395	When you buy any type of ticket for travel on a local service or brand provided by Arriva’s UK Bus operating businesses, you enter into a contract with us.
28396	When you buy one of our personalised Malton treasure hunts this is what you get.
28397	When you come and see me I want you to be able to switch off and make the absolute most of your ‘me time’.
28398	When you contact us with your concerns, we will see if we can sort out the problem straight away without you needing to do anything else.
28399	When you do musical theatre you are doing it for around six to eight months.
28400	When you download this app you'll have access to thousands of discount codes and offers on anything from food and drink to high street fashion.
28401	When you enter the service, the SSL encrypts all the information you enter before sending it to us.
28402	When you finance your vehicle with us we will waive up to six monthly payments, excluding balloon payments, should you be made involuntarily redundant during the term of your agreement.
28403	When you find out who the leader is within the groups, it’s a lot easier to convince the others to join.
28404	When you first start to think about making an international money transfer, your initial instinct will probably be just to use your regular bank.
28405	When you go on holiday you expect a little noise nothing like what we got.
28406	When you go shopping use an environmentally friendly re-usable material shopping bag.
28407	When you have submitted this information you will be sent an email to the email address provided.
28408	When you have to deal with them day after day, though, they’re not likely to go anywhere soon, and the causes of constant dark circles can be different.
28409	When you increase your contributions to a workplace pension or private pension, some employers will also boost the amount they contribute.
28410	When you join Heriot-Watt you become part of a global family.
28411	When you know or suspect that you are pregnant you should arrange to see me in the ante natal booking clinic at approximately 10 weeks of pregnancy.
28412	When you log in to Santander Connect, you need to be on a secure web page to protect your personal and security details.
28413	When you look at it this way, there is no reason why any charity shop should be put off using Retail Gift Aid.
28414	“When you look at the average age of our squad, and the exciting young talent starting to emerge, he is the perfect fit for us.
28415	When you need advice, you want to be secure in the knowledge that you are speaking with an expert in their field.
28416	When you purchase a full licence, the trial version can be unlocked to become a fully functional version.
28417	When your children have outgrown their uniforms, make sure you donate them to your local charity shop.
28418	When you reach the very tip of the headland, take 5 minutes to scramble up the spiky rock formation that looks like the back of a Stegosaurus.
28419	When you receive your delivery you have 15 minutes to check your order and sign the delivery note.
28420	When you’re driving?
28421	When you register you put in an email address.
28422	When you're looking for a local garage that prides itself on going the extra mile for all its customers, you've come to the right place at autokare in Cambridge.
28423	When your energy company puts its prices up, it can be easy to end up accidentally paying more than you should.
28424	When you rent a car with Sixt you have plenty of top quality, top brand vehicles to choose from.
28425	When you’re preparing to drive abroad, there are a few things you’ll need to check and pack before you go.
28426	When you’re working as a professional photographer, it doesn’t take long to accumulate thousands of pounds worth of specialist equipment.
28427	“When you’re younger and you go somewhere, your mum and dad would tell you to do as you’re told.
28428	When your muscles swell, the pressure increases and blood can’t flow into your muscle properly.
28429	When your physio decides it is appropriate, they may move you on to performing under water exercises, often supplemented by a light regime of exercise and stretching out of the water as well.
28430	When you set up workers with a monthly frequency you’ll need to submit a contribution schedule for each pay period.
28431	When you Spread Bet or trade CFDs on Bitcoin you are trading on leverage, this means you have a larger exposure to the market with less upfront capital.
28432	When you take part in Neteller betting at the operators we have picked for you, you will be glad to know that there are no fees for depositing or withdrawing.
28433	When you upvote, downvote, or comment on someone's post, consider how it's benefiting the greater good of the subreddit.
28434	When you use your cash card abroad in a currency other than Sterling, we convert the amount to Sterling using the exchange rate set by Visa or Mastercard (subject to card type) on the date the money is taken from your account.
28435	When you’ve decided on your next stationary purchase, head on over to our site and scan our current selection of MOO voucher codes.
28436	“When you’ve got someone like that with the experience to get you over the line you are in a good position.
28437	When you visit a man you should prepare yourself’: male community care worker approaches to working with men living with HIV in Cape Town, South Africa.
28438	Where abouts are you?
28439	Where abouts are you with your studies?
28440	Where a candidate wishes to study a single language from beginners level and does not have a language at IB Higher Level then Grade 5 in a language at IB Standard Level is required.
28441	Where a loan is made and not repaid, it will remain in the lender's estate for Inheritance Tax purposes.
28442	Where a panel of scholars and experts in the field of web archiving and digital studies, will discuss the role of web and social media archives in helping us, as digital citizens, to navigate through a complex and changing information landscape.
28443	Where appropriate, comparison data such as Welsh averages has also been included.
28444	Where appropriate, we call upon the resources of our panel firms, all of whom have extensive professional indemnity experience and are committed to providing the responsive and expert service Zurich Financial Lines and our customers require.
28445	Where a publisher cannot provide a satisfactory explanation, sanctions will be applied.
28446	Whereas a long wash at low temperature mechanically removes bugs in the same way that it removes dirt, I cannot think an express wash achieves much.
28447	‘Whereas, for tartans, it’s the sett that’s crucial, tweed is all about colour,’ explains Mr Sugden.
28448	Where can I find gluten-free products available to food service?
28449	Where can I get a replacement?
28450	Where can you find the best buy back rate?
28451	Where content is not made available under this type of license you may read, print and download the content of the website for private use.
28452	Where death of a detainee in police custody has occurred, officers and staff must take reasonable steps to secure all relevant evidence, including witness testimony and forensic evidence.
28453	‘Where did she come from originally?’
28454	Where does DVLA fit in as part of your role?
28455	Where does your audience go online?
28456	Where Do We Source Our Food From?
28457	Where flooding on public roads significantly disrupts the flow of traffic.
28458	Where inhalation is the most relevant route, the main focus for control will be sources of emission to air.
28459	Where is The Bulls Head at Hale Barns?
28460	Where is the most unusual place you have worked?
28461	Where is Woking?
28462	Where licensable activities (such as the sale of alcohol) continue to take place on premises, any licence conditions related to live music will be suspended.
28463	Where possible, practices that have merged or it is clear that a practice population has been taken over by another practice, this has been included within the aggregation.
28464	Where possible we also tried to look at some older kit from each ISP.
28465	Where some mineral products are concerned, there is a tendency to attach importance to exploitation exclusively on the organised commercial or industrial scale.
28466	Where the benefits of changes would primarily be for individuals’ property, that’s understandable.
28467	Where the cancellation charge is shown as a percentage, this is calculated on the basis of the total cost payable by the person(s) cancelling excluding amendment charges.
28468	Where the cost of compliance does not exceed the appropriate limit (£450), the request must be complied with and the information released unless an exemption applies.
28469	Where the enforcement procedure includes obtaining specialist reports or surveys such as electrical safety report, gas safety report or structural engineers report etc the additional costs incurred will be added to the above fees.
28470	Where the evidence from the scanning does not reveal a cause of death the coroner may then, where necessary, ask a pathologist to conduct a limited or full invasive post-mortem.
28471	Where the loss-making period is less than 12 months the £50,000 cap is reduced proportionately.
28472	Where the MSC does not pay the tax and NI due, that debt will be able to be transferred to the directors of the MSC and the MSC provider.
28473	Where there is a Christmas shutdown period employees may be required to use some of their holiday allowance for this, and employers are entitled to say when annual leave can be used in this way.
28474	Where there is no sign of forced entry into your room, your claim may be rejected.
28475	Where there is not enough evidence to suggest a statutory nuisance then the council would be unable to intervene any further and would suggest taking your own legal action.
28476	Where the term ‘patients’ is used in this document, it should be taken to mean, “patients or service users with information and/or communication support needs relating to a disability, impairment or sensory loss”.
28477	Where the third party providing the Membership is your employer (either directly or indirectly), Membership applications may be subject to approval from such third party before being issued and may be cancelled if salary deduction is not possible.
28478	Where this is the case, it will be worthwhile registering for VAT as much of the input VAT incurred can be reclaimed.
28479	Where this takes place, due regard will be paid to the provisions of the Data Protection Act.
28480	Where this technology interfaces with fleet management systems, such as GPS vehicle trackers, it can also lead to a cut in emissions and overall carbon footprint thanks to efficiencies.
28481	Where to start from the moment we drove up the beautiful drive we were blown away.
28482	Whereto we see in all things nature tends--
28483	Where UKIP did field candidates, they saw their number of votes tumble - in some cases fall off a cliff.
28484	Wherever possible, disruption will be kept to a minimum although both hauliers and motorists are asked to please be patient should they come across this load.
28485	Wherever possible, we use e-conveyancing to speed up communications with all parties involved, and in particular to keep you informed.
28486	Where we need to do repairs to common parts of flats or the external parts of your home we will not expect you to wait in for us to do the repair.
28487	Where we need to send the goods away for examination and testing, then you will permit us (or our agents) to collect the goods from you for that purpose.
28488	Where we specify bonus night offers this will not necessarily mean bonus nights are multiplied if you book a longer duration, therefore, please ensure you ask at the time of booking to clarify the number of bonus nights you will receive.
28489	Where will I find an expert for my project?
28490	Where you are letting a House of Multiple Occupancy ("HMO"), it is possible to claim for qualifying costs such as lighting, lifts and electrical systems in the common areas.
28491	Where you live in Hertford will probably have an impact on where you take your test, for instance if you live south of Hertford, you will probably take your test in Enfield or St Albans.
28492	Where your pension policy offers a guaranteed annuity rate with a value of £30,000 or more then the law requires that you seek financial advice before making any decision.
28493	Where your progress justifies it in the view of the senior staff, you may be given a role central to the development of a play, but the School does not guarantee major protagonist casting to any student.
28494	Whether a pansy or a panel no job to big or small!
28495	Whether done purposefully or not, my flatmates in first year were mainly local to me back home (I'm from the Midlands but was at uni up north) and this allowed me to have more things in common with them, and things we could talk about more.
28496	Whether for a product launch, concert or cultural event, you will discover Culloden Battlefield to be a welcoming, versatile and creative venue.
28497	Whether it is a fixed, discount or variable rate, they have access to 1000s of products from their panel of mortgage lenders, to find the right mortgage for you.
28498	Whether it is for sports fans, nature lovers or runners, the plans to improve facilities aim to encourage more local people to visit and use the Marshes.
28499	Whether it’s a branding decision to have a uniform, or the uniform is personal protective equipment in line with the health and safety requirements of the job, the uniform can be classed as an expense.
28500	Whether it’s a customer register, your private address book, accounting, or inventory: with digitalisation ever increasing, it is becoming more and more important to organise and manage records as quickly, flexibly, and clearly as possible.
28501	Whether on the deficit, debt, exports or manufacturing, the Chancellor has failed every test he set himself.
28502	Whether she would have got over this fancy if left to herself, or persevered in nursing it perpetually, I cannot say: she had little time to reflect.
28503	"Whether that be at Rhyl, college or at RGC.
28504	Whether these will offer real alternatives remains to be seen.
28505	Whether they're recruiting new staff or challenging each other to the toughest Christmas quizzes and treasure hunts imaginable, puzzles are at the heart of what GCHQ does.
28506	Whether this 75mm x 300mm (LA51584) tile is used on its own, with the slightly shorter 75mm x 150mm (LA51522) or with other complimentary colours from the Artisan collection you can be sure of a stylish and unique installation to your interior walls.
28507	Whether this will impact on drivers’ propensity to take part in SRUS will become clear in the pilot.
28508	Whether you approach us for company formation in Luxembourg, Gibraltar, and London or simply looking for best services for offshore company formation 2018, we are going to assist you.
28509	Whether you are an amateur naturalist, an expert or just curious, you can ask - or answer - all sorts of questions about the UK's biodiversity and our team of Museum scientists are online to help.
28510	Whether you are building up a portfolio or you need your home rented out for a period of time we would certainly love to be your first choice.
28511	Whether you are located in County Wexford or just require some sound advice on what Social Media package would work for you, Get Your Mobi can help.
28512	Whether you are looking for a weekend retreat or somewhere to spend extended holidays Chesil Vista is perfect.
28513	Whether you are looking to grow your business or secure additional funding they can match you to the right advisor to suit your individual needs.
28514	Whether you are treating yourself or in need of a special gift, their products are a pleasure to use and at great, affordable prices, really are something special.
28515	Whether you eventually contributed for 35 years, 40 years or 45 years, you still get the same basic state pension.
28516	Whether you have a love for classic cars or a need for speed, Buy A Gift offers something for pleasure-seekers, thrill-seakers, and even kids with young driver experiences.
28517	Whether you have a personal or a workplace pension, try and pay the maximum permitted contributions if you can.
28518	Whether you need a quick and portable source of heat or a longer term solution, we can offer you appliances that are both stylish and effective.
28519	Whether you need a VA for a few hours or a team of researchers full time, then Tailor Made Support can provide the people and the management to ensure your outsourced work is completed on schedule and to a high standard.
28520	Whether you're growing orchids, bonsai, citrus or aquatic plants you'll find a compost to cater for them in our garden centre.
28521	Whether you’re into clawing your way up mountains, sliding down them, jumping off the top – or watching others do it – Kendal Mountain Festival is a must!
28522	Whether you're looking for a course for yourself, or you're in charge of organising training for your staff, we can make things easier for you: we look at your training needs, experience and aspirations and help you select the most suitable course.
28523	Whether you’re looking for space to celebrate a special birthday or simply an afternoon tea with friends we have several spaces which will suite your needs.
28524	Whether you're looking to deal with one small problem or you've accumulated a list of small repair projects, FIRST FIX can help.
28525	Whether you're looking to keep dry in some wellies, feel the sand in some sandals or even hike up a mountain in some snow-proof boots, Cotton Traders has got your feet covered with its men's, women's and unisex shoes.
28526	Whether you’re looking to rock the 70s vibe or return to an earlier era, there’s always something to find at Absolute Vintage.
28527	Whether you require a van for a day, week or month – book online or call one of our branches to book the van for you.
28528	Whether you’re seeking a beach escape or a bespoke Sri Lanka adventure, and we'll help create the right Sri Lanka holiday for you.
28529	Whether you’re working from home, getting through some work on the train or travelling to exotic locations, you still need to protect your data and devices.
28530	Whether you're working in an office or disparately across multiple locations, efforts need to be made within teams to ensure everyone is kept up-to-date and available for contact when needed.
28531	Whether your requirements are formal or informal, with our open minded and optimistic approach, you are sure to get the perfect combination of style, colour and design.
28532	Whether your taste is classic, modern or simply natural – the elegant Geberit AquaClean models cut a good figure in every environment.
28533	Whether you’ve done one step or all 12, we hope you’ve enjoyed letting a little more nature into your life.
28534	Whether you’ve just started restoring a classic, or need the final few parts to finish off a project, the Footman James Great Western Classic Car Show will probably have what you need (and at a bargain price).
28535	Whether you want a cosy hideaway or a pet-friendly base from which to discover the best of Cornwall's coastline, there’s no need for your dog to miss out on all the fun.
28536	Whether you want a dressing mirror for your bedroom or decorative mirrors to add to the lighting in the room, we've got it all covered.
28537	Whether you want a minimal kitchen, rustic kitchen or country-style kitchen, transform what is the heart of the home into a beautiful place to cook, eat and feed your loved ones.
28538	Whether you want them for a main wall feature or to border something else, the team can give you tips or advice on just how to make the most of mosaic tiling.
28539	Whether you want to treat yourself or fancy a birthday party, hen party, childrens pamper party, baby shower party, ladies pamper evening enjoying girly time with your friends, we can give you the ultimate spa experience in your own home.
28540	Whether you wish to explore Hastings Castle or spend a day at the beach, there is plenty to see and do in Hastings.
28541	Whether you would prefer to catch up with your latest emails prior to flying, or unwind with a magazine in a relaxing environment, the Executive Lounge is the ideal start when flying from Cardiff airport.
28542	Which books can I get free using my Book Points?
28543	Which brings me back to the passion, fire and skill of dancing the Tango.
28544	Which brings me to Igor Levit – and not a moment too soon, you may think.
28545	Which Browning to replace the Browning B325?
28546	Whichever route you decide to take we will support you.
28547	Which Ford Family Car is Best for You?
28548	Which industries offer Advanced Apprenticeships?
28549	Which is a very avant garde piece written by a gentleman called George Newsome; Boulez is conducting it.
28550	Which isn't particularly helpful, but it does suggest to ask what your particular bank is doing instead of trusting "a bank official who lives nearby".
28551	Which is the best smartphone: iPhone 7 or Huawei P10?
28552	Which leaves owners of eCommerce sites wondering what the future holds and where, exactly, they should be focusing their efforts to build organic search traffic.
28553	Which legal theory is most appropriate?
28554	Which parts did participants respond to best?
28555	Which relative are you round the Christmas dinner table?
28556	Which sectors voted to leave or remain?
28557	Which to me is really complete hogwash.
28558	Which was carried out over a five month period.
28559	Which was great as it allowed us as a family to relax and enjoy some time together.
28560	While acknowledging that a merger between income tax and national insurance, on which the Government is to consult this year, would be a step towards simplifying the UK’s complex tax system, the FPB said that NICs is still rising for most firms.
28561	While a digital overlay to infrastructure systems can improve aspects of performance and oversight, it won’t remove pre-existing physical vulnerabilities, and this interaction may indeed produce new properties which present their own risks.
28562	While Aitken’s own politics were not as radical as those of his parents, he was a life-long member of the Labour Party and was active for many years in its Hornsey branch.
28563	While all of our older websites should work on most mobile browsers, they do require a degree of zooming which can become irritating to the user.
28564	While Annabel regularly travels the world to report on the action of the next big tournament, her priority is always being a hands-on mum to Amber, 15, Charlie, 13, and Lily, 11, and home near Kingston is firmly where her heart is.
28565	While a small number of landfills still don’t enforce waste classification, it should be borne in mind that the duty of care for correct waste classification lies with the producer of the waste.
28566	While at times our comment and analysis may challenge existing thinking, our hope for 2017 is that the industry gains value from it and grows stronger as a result.
28567	While cats do use scent glands to mark their territory, they also use it to create comforting familiarity or signify an area as ‘safe’.
28568	While daily life had been a struggle, Marguerite was neither pessimistic nor bitter, but grateful for the help that she and others had received from Oxfam and other aid agencies.
28569	While food is the focus of Kamala Beach’s Saturday and Wednesday markets, souvenirs and clothes muscle in on the action on…
28570	While Freddie Mercury gave varying descriptions about his sexuality during his career, he was in a relationship with Mary Austin from 1970 to 1976, before dating Jim Hutton, who cared for him up until his death in 1991.
28571	While he is widely known as the Wizard Man of Sutton, his full and proper legal name is actually The Divine Grace Conrad, Lord Azurahm of Draconia Anglorum.
28572	While his teammate Mark Kimber had qualified in 2nd-place, he fell back, but stayed in touch with the leaders, finishing in 4th-place.
28573	While I am not a native-born Italian—without any Italian bloodline—I am willing to contact the Italian Red Cross and ask them to infuse my circulation system with Italian stock.
28574	While in the genomic laboratory, companies can develop technologies for personalised medicine, which are tailored to the patient according to their genetic make-up.
28575	While it is doubtless that you love your children, you can't afford to always stay with them.
28576	“While it’s been a great season – and we should all be really proud of what’s been achieved – we’ll always want more.
28577	While living in Kyoto she studied traditional Japanese woodblock printing with Professor Kurosaki Akira and has since written two books on the subject.
28578	While most cabinet hardware is easy to install, always check measurements and specifications before purchasing to make sure your drawer handles and cupboard knobs will fit with your furniture.
28579	While no significant issues were identified during this intervention, observations were made relating to the documentation sampled and are recorded for NNB GenCo’s further consideration.
28580	While on maternity leave, you will remain a member of the scheme.
28581	While providers must advertise a speed that at least 10% of customers can get, up to 90% could still be left disappointed with their broadband performance.
28582	While Readibus will not knowingly display an advert that is untrue, or which relates to goods or services contrary to our objects, the display of an advert does not mean that we endorse the advertiser’s goods or services.
28583	While restricting calories, you will lose weight.
28584	While selling bowls of sugary cereal may not seem like a big deal, the cafe courted an abundance of media coverage.
28585	While severely depressed, a person affected by the disorder may not care whether he or she lives or dies.
28586	While some optimistic economists are still holding out hope that the US central bank will increase interest rates this week, the market has essentially priced out that possibility.
28587	While such feedback is often on homework, the resource is intended more broadly than that.
28588	While such situations often imply further nasties lurking beneath the surface and can prove to be a prelude to further warnings, in Dillistone's case the situation appears to be more of a short term setback as opposed to anything more sinister.
28589	While the 282bhp is delightful in the V6 there’s another rather outstanding figure.
28590	While the comfortable leather handle offers ample grip for the Dom, a quick-release clip attaches to almost any loop, hoop or O-ring to make play versatile and fun.
28591	While the established practice of partnership working was boosted with the advent of Neighbourhood Policing, collaborative working in an era of austerity could offer an effective and efficient response to limited resources and budgets.
28592	While the lads chat Claire drinks that Martini!
28593	While the Mercedes GLE range begins in group 41, the 500e plug-in hybrid is in a high group 49.
28594	While the number is high, they have lost fewer customers than were originally predicted.
28595	While the number of complaints we see involving scams is relatively small, their impact on individual people can be significant.
28596	While the rate of international migration into the Potteries has recently fallen and is lower than the UK as whole, this does not stop immigration from being a much talked-about issue.
28597	While there may be ongoing litigation or investigations by other statutory bodies relating to actions or individuals in this case, the statutory inquiry has now been closed as the charities are themselves closed.
28598	While there may be plenty of time for this at the weekend, it’s at work, where we spend most of our time, where many of us struggle to maintain this dynamism – something which is a particular challenge for those that work at a desk.
28599	While the Roman Empire and the Renaissance have furnished Italy with an embarrassment of cultural artifacts and architectural wonders, Italian cuisine is possibly more world famous.
28600	While the sausages are cooking, wash and slice the peppers.
28601	While the two influential thinkers were in conflict regarding the predominant ideologies of their time, they were committed to the exploration of reality and how it was experienced.
28602	"While the vast bulk of our interviews are with climate scientists, as part of our commitment to impartiality it is important that dissenting voices are also heard.
28603	While this is a compact car, it still has a commodious 505-litre boot giving the hound space to stretch out.
28604	While this is far more than you’d achieve in a similarly powerful petrol car and compares well to the 188bhp 2.0-litre diesel, it’s a long way short of the claimed figures.
28605	While this is not a prevalence study, we found drug use to be a common - although infrequent - behaviour among survey respondents.
28606	While this is the last round of awards under the current funding arrangements a revised scheme will reopen this summer."
28607	While this may be something of an exaggeration, there is no doubt that there are many significant differences between tort and crime.
28608	While this might sound daunting, it’s simple once you know how.
28609	While this updated version has done little to better the visibility or boot space on offer, improvements have been made to the ride comfort at low speeds.
28610	While tissue culture procedures have improved over the years to circumvent the problems, there is no fundamental understanding of the cause of the abnormality nor of methods to avoid or diagnose it in tissue culture.
28611	While underground, the sewer problem of fatbergs – the build-up of fats, oils, greases and other un-flushable items such as wet wipes – was explained, including how they can cause quite serious blockages.
28612	While we acknowledge that we are not a lobbying organisation, and do not aspire to be, our members will often have a voice which is heard within Parliament, and we see this as an opportunity to shape change within government.
28613	"While we appreciate the financial situation of the Health Board, the staff in Welshpool feel we are being sacrificed in an effort to cut the Health Board's deficit.
28614	While we host far bigger special occasion events, we also hold small and practical get togethers.
28615	While we're on the subject, all hail their formidable mother, Meghan's mate Jessica Mulroney.
28616	While you may think the 2003 price rise combined with a general drop amongst all used high-end car prices would have made a dent in the SL's second-hand price this hasn't in fact been the case.
28617	Whilst a full entry is not available for every negative, the register is an invaluable resource when researching and cataloguing the images.
28618	Whilst at Woodford, Mike enhanced most significantly the company’s reputation in Derby and Derbyshire as a major player in the used car market.
28619	Whilst carrying out the repair the wet material excavated contains chalk and clay and may result in temporary staining.
28620	Whilst copyright remains with entrants, by entering the competition, each entrant grants a worldwide licence to Trinity Mirror to feature any or all of the submitted photographs in any of their publications or websites connected with this competition.
28621	Whilst good for the economy, this would place even greater demand on water resources, in a region that is already susceptible to drought.
28622	Whilst I loved art and textiles at school I ended up studying Politics & Anthropology at Sussex University and lived in Brighton for 4 years.
28623	"Whilst I sincerely hope that our work over the coming days means that we are able to say that less people are confirmed as having died, I also have to consider the sad reality that this may rise.
28624	Whilst making an important difference to the city, it's also a great addition to the CV.
28625	Whilst most of the stalls exhibiting at the Fayre were quite intimidating with all their sales pitches, Lisa came across as very friendly, approachable and professional.
28626	Whilst most people are hoping for sun in September, businesses have their sights set on bigger things: Christmas.
28627	Whilst much of the new system can be worked out through simply viewing the new reports in Analytics, understanding how to interpret the data might require more advanced Google Analytics training.
28628	“Whilst reporting is generally good, there is no room for complacency.
28629	Whilst she acknowledges that the new system is a major improvement on the old one, she warns that “people need help to understand how best to manage their pension savings through their life course”.
28630	“Whilst some major decisions need…
28631	Whilst the Army cannot give preference to one charity over another (less those that have a specific relationship or are funded by the MoD); Cobseo (The Confederation of Service Charities) represents the whole Serving and Veterans Community.
28632	Whilst the Base case scenario has been 3 rate rises across 2018, there is a growing acceptance that there could be 4 rate rises through the year.
28633	Whilst the company is big enough to be financially and technically effective, due to its structure and personalities there is Board level involvement with each and every client.
28634	Whilst the day to day office environment is enjoyable I’ve also had the chance to go on divisional days out in London, team trips to Paris and Liverpool and afternoons punting in Cambridge.
28635	Whilst the food may be nice and better than some other places the service of the place is disgust.
28636	Whilst the Judd British Youth National Championship and Maxxis British Motocross Championships will be the centrepieces of the festival, there will be much more on offer across the Easter weekend with entertainment throughout the day and evening.
28637	Whilst the length of the slipped area itself is 60 metres, the total length of road to be assessed is approximately 260 metres.
28638	Whilst the majority of my clients are Domestic Customers, there is a growing list of Landlords, Businesses etc now seeing the advantage of using 1 company to deal with a wide range of jobs.
28639	Whilst the monthly cost and interest rate might be much lower than a personal loan if you repay it over a longer term the total cost will be much higher – see example.
28640	Whilst the naturally occurring weather events are not under our control, issues such as planned and preventative maintenance are.
28641	Whilst the properties in Margate seem like a steal to any Londoner shelling out £1,000 a month for a one bed, the same cannot be said for those who are from the area.
28642	Whilst the refurbishment of the reception area is being undertaken, the Trust will provide an alternative entrance for our customers to use on a temporary basis.
28643	Whilst these are whole service CPD, you can still undertake individual CPD that may be of interest to yourself.
28644	Whilst these claims are in reference to the past decade, royal-related insurance stretches back a lot further.
28645	Whilst these types of farming partnerships may not be common in the UK, they have been successful for many years in other parts of the world.
28646	Whilst they won't close the whole thing down as fraudulent, you can get eBay to notify the buyer that they will have to pay for their own label.
28647	“Whilst this activity is taking place no enforcement action will be taken.
28648	Whilst this could refer to utility bills/Council Tax/water charges the wording could cover other outgoings which have nothing to do with the tenant e.g. a service charge payable by the landlord where the property is a "flat".
28649	Whilst this will include a technical element, this is not to be seen as a technical support role.
28650	Whilst those raising prices have blamed soaring wholesale gas costs, the latest figures show wholesale gas has actually come down in price.
28651	Whilst we may use the information you give us online to contact you with regard to Katell Ltd special offers or promotions, we will not share any of your information with any third parties.
28652	“Whilst we recognise that the Wrenford service is well used it is currently situated within an industrial estate on the outskirts of Chichester which means people don’t have easy access to activities and opportunities where they live.
28653	Whilst work is never guaranteed after completing a PGCE, many students find themselves working close to where they graduated so it’s important to make the right choice.
28654	Whisk all the ingredients together, it does not need heating as it tends to separate.
28655	Whisk up the double cream until thickened and fold in the vanilla paste and orange blossom.
28656	Whisky Distillery with No Driving Required?
28657	Whitbread, via its subsidiary Costa Coffee, paid almost £60m to buy the coffee machine business Coffee Nation.
28658	Whitby Goth Weekend 2012 promises to raise large amounts of money for charity as well as being an entertaining break for the hundreds of participants flocking to the town.
28659	White-painted and peaceful, sits at the top of Hampstead Heath in 112 acres of parkland and gardens.
28660	WHITE Peter Peacefully, at Lady Home Hospital, on May 16, 2018.
28661	"White rice with ketchup.
28662	White Rose Natural Spring Water Ltd is a supplier of water coolers to various workplaces.
28663	White walls and neutral furnishings let the wood take the interior centre stage and also keep the room light.
28664	Whitley Bay & Tynemouth Hockey Club are hoping to gain some new members on the back of the GB women’s team winning gold at the Rio Olympics.
28665	Who are the energy efficiency audits and grants for?
28666	Who do I contact for an application form?
28667	Whoever is responsible would have needed significant help (or is huge) and a large vehicle to remove everything.
28668	Whoever they go for, they need to do it quickly.
28669	Who is involved from the practice?
28670	Who is sexually exploiting children?
28671	Who is the regulatory body for advertising in the UK?
28672	Who is winning the battle for talent?
28673	Who knows, you may just find a perfect Christmas gift you hadn’t even considered?
28674	Whole genome association studies: Deciding when persistence becomes perseveration.
28675	Who makes up Nottinghamshire ICS (Notts.)?
28676	Who organised the whole thing?
28677	Who owned medieval manuscripts considering few people could read at this time?
28678	Who’s afraid of the big bad wolf?
28679	Who's at risk of a needlestick injury?
28680	Who's who in the best seats in the house?
28681	Who will cover for sickness or absences?
28682	Who will have access to your data?
28683	Who would make the play-offs if Plymouth Argyle and Charlton Athletic end up level on points, goal difference and goals scored at the end of the season?
28684	Who your prospects are.
28685	Why are electronic transfers to be held as undelivered pending settlement of the transaction?
28686	Why are start-ups opting for hot desking?
28687	Why are these new laws being introduced?
28688	Why are you here?
28689	Why bother with social media for your business?
28690	Why can't I put an item in my basket?
28691	Why can’t I register for Barclays Mobile Banking, Barclays Pingit or other apps on a rooted or jailbroken mobile?
28692	Why Choose Sturgess Jeep?
28693	Why did I tolerate such behaviour?
28694	Why did it work so well?
28695	Why didn't we think of Rightmove first? type of thing.
28696	Why did the right hon.
28697	Why do catteries ask for vaccinations?
28698	Why does my water smell/taste of chlorine?
28699	Why doesn’t this review site allow me to post my email.
28700	Why does this happen?
28701	Why do I dread telling people that my husband died, because I feel bad that they might not know what to say, or that I’m putting a downer on our light chat?
28702	Why do Smeg ovens only have a maximum capacity of 72 litres, whereas other brand ovens have a capacity of 75-76 litres?
28703	Why do you love women who are ready for a mid~life adventure, and men who have unfinished lives?
28704	Why do you need my medical details?
28705	Why face restaurant tantrums, overcrowded pools and the whole family all crowded in to one room when you could be relaxing in your own spacious holiday home?
28706	Why has my orange bag been left outside my home when all the others in the street have been collected?
28707	Why have we received a bill for usage at a property we are not responsible for?
28708	Why is Exmoor so popular?
28709	Why is it that millions of English people feel a daily need to buy a newspaper of this kind, even on Sundays?
28710	'Why isn't he saying how s**t stuff is?
28711	Why is public transport connectivity so hard, anyway?
28712	Why is the arrangement advantageous?
28713	Why is there so much militarism and patriotism in the United States?
28714	Why is the Scottish Resources Conference and important event to attend?
28715	Why let them read your data if they can see them?
28716	Why not buy a luxurious retail brand like Sheaffer or Parker, for example, and presenting one of your top earners with a high-quality promotional pen?
28717	Why not expand into new foreign markets?
28718	Why not have ALL the tools in the toolkit available to us?
28719	Why not incorporate your favourite pastimes into your wedding theme.
28720	Why not invite your friends to join you on Charity Choice?
28721	Why not make your event truly unique and hire The Slide, the world’s tallest and longest tunnel slide?
28722	Why not stay up to date on all the best offers and news on baby, maternity and children’s items?
28723	Why not tell us your serving suggestions?
28724	Why not write the first?
28725	Why not your fresh bread business on the Filton Business Directory – IT'S FREE!
28726	Why not your meat business on the Chipping Sodbury Business Directory – IT'S FREE!
28727	Why our team the next step for you Our team is responsible for delivering deliver consistent, actionable and meaningful reporting & insight to enhance the running of the business & inform data-driven decisions in Global Operations.
28728	Why register with Felicity J Lord?
28729	Why run around aimlessly looking for a used car?
28730	Why should I not hire a freelancer for my work?
28731	Why should I/We become a Listed Status Club?
28732	Why should you apply to be an Assistant?
28733	Why should you be interested?
28734	Why should you choose dental implants in Camden?
28735	Why should you install the Toilet Seat buffers?
28736	Why should you scope out a grand opening near you and be one of the first 500 people in the store?
28737	Why so much pain, so much, the leg coming of f, so much pain?
28738	Why’s the mum in your life your hero?
28739	Why tomorrow's banking industry is being built by design - Design WeekOur website uses cookies to improve your user experience.
28740	Why we need to make the savings.
28741	Why would I need assisted delivery?
28742	Why would people go to a loan shark?
28743	Why would you like to write for us?
28744	Why you are buying a property abroad?
28745	WIAPS is administered by WRAS on behalf of 15 of the UK Water Undertakers.
28746	Wicker is a beautiful grey ceramic tile with a matt finish, this square 331mm x 331mm feature floor tile is perfect for creating a distinctive look in any room, with its intricate and unique pattern.
28747	Wide DR Gamma helps to reduce over-exposure, whilst an infrared shooting mode means the camera can easily be used at night – ideal for the wildlife videographer.
28748	Wide, firm tarmac and gravel surface, with some loose stones and a slightly uneven section.
28749	Widely expected to be one of the day's leading lights, and welcomed by a packed sale ring, the gelding did not disappoint the audience and it was agent Mouse O'Ryan who emerged victorious from the bidding process.
28750	Widespread in coppices and park- lands, but rare in the North and West, the sweet chestnut has grown in Britain since Roman times.
28751	Widows and widowers of those employees killed at work or by an industrial disease may be entitled to this pension if their spouse died before April 1988.
28752	'Wife', 64, is arrested on suspicion of murder after her 65-year-old 'husband is found dead at their home after falling down the stairs'
28753	WiFi costs $73 for 60 minutes, $103 for 240 minutes, $163 for 460 minutes, $203 for 680 minutes and $253 for 1,100 minutes, plus a $3.95 activation fee.
28754	Wifi, electricity for lighting and plug sockets included.
28755	Wi-Fi gives you the option to surf the Internet, download movies and music and browse social media sites on your iPad.
28756	Wi-Fi is also available to enable use of your own devices.
28757	Wi-Fi is NOT currently available from within the accomodations.
28758	Wigan/Manchester platform step free access from Bescar Lane up 10 metre ramp with handrail.
28759	Wild at heart flowers,'The Workshop at home'
28760	Wild Black Poplars are large trees with a thick, fissured trunk that have severely declined over the years, but can still be found in the north of Richmond Park and near to the Beverley Brook.
28761	WILD boar tusks, pottery, spoons, musket balls, keys, pins, millstones, shoe soles, clay pipes.
28762	Wildlife enthusiasts may be interested in eagle sightings in the area.
28763	Wilf was out of Chancie's league, that was all.
28764	Wilhelmina is 22 years old.
28765	Wilkins and his colleagues established that the plasmid-specified primase protein was transferred from the donor to the recipient cell during the bacterial ‘mating’ event, and that this could occur in the absence of DNA transfer.
28766	Wilkins – who had played a handful of games for the Lions in 1997 – was brought in by friend and Den chairman Paphtis as an experienced hand to guide Wise, who was in his first spell as a manager.
28767	Will an AQMA affect the value of my property?
28768	Will anyone else be able to access my details?
28769	Will CreditMatcher show me all the deals available on the market?
28770	William and Joseph, 25, who live in Wincle, were rewarded for their efforts transforming a former mill in Manchester into a 150-seat theatre.
28771	Will I be asked about my finances?
28772	Will I have a Scar after Strip Harvesting?
28773	Will I receive interest on any cash held in my Investment Account?
28774	Will Iron, British Fashion Council, will.
28775	Will I still be able to put a stop on a cheque that I have issued, if required?
28776	Will it affect my hair colour?
28777	Will it be for streets or rougher terrain?
28778	Will it speed up your processes and enable you to deliver more quickly for the customer?
28779	Will jobs and investment really dry up?
28780	Will make this sting the sooner.
28781	Will my right hon. and learned Friend explain what measures are taken to enforce the existing law, and whether additional measures will be taken to enforce the law as it is about to be amended?
28782	Will NHS approve the new cancer drug which avoids the pain of chemotherapy?
28783	Will older segments of society be comfortable relying on biometric security?
28784	Will people still require your service if a competitor is offering a better deal?
28785	Will Smith admits he LOVES being recognised as it makes him feel 'safe'
28786	Will support new powers to make sure that energy companies pass on the benefits of lower prices to consumers.
28787	“Will that be Mr and Mrs Christian Atkins Bibow, or Mr and Mrs Serena Atkins Bibow?”
28788	Will the Department take up that offer before a final decision is made?
28789	Will the Minister update the House on the block on the funds that have been deposited by Saudi Arabia in the Central Bank of Yemen, which are much needed?
28790	Will the Prime Minister ensure that as well as looking at criminal matters, we look at this massive failure of corporate governance in the Metropolitan police?
28791	Will there be more viewings once I've accepted an offer?
28792	Will the subject of Brexit feature in the show?
28793	Will they affect cars?
28794	Will they get picked on?
28795	Will was born with arthrogryposis, a rare congenital disorder that affects all four of his limbs and doctors feared that he would never walk.
28796	Will you be telling us about changes you are making to the draft so as not to confuse us.
28797	Will you give away some free tickets?
28798	Will your income remain steady?
28799	Wilmslow Town Council, which planned the event, wanted to build on that success and has organised a free Party on the Carrs this Sunday.
28800	Wilson didn’t get the start he’d hoped for in race two and dropped several places.
28801	Wilson picked up a short throw on the right flank before cutting inside and rifling the top corner from 20 yards out.
28802	Wiltshire Air Ambulance (WAA) provides a life-saving service to people in and around the Wiltshire area with over 100 missions already flown this year alone.
28803	Winchcombe is on the Cotswold Way; Chipping Campden is a short drive.
28804	Winchester Science Centre and Planetarium’s brand new zone Invention Studio will be open throughout the Half Term period.
28805	Windows on Warwickshire aims to promote access to historic collections representing the very best of Warwickshire's heritage, culture and personalities.
28806	Windsmoor Group is a fashion shop selling a wide variety of women's clothing.
28807	Winn Electricals agreed to supply CCTV and fit it free.
28808	Winner at the Best Beauty by Stylist Awards, June 2017.
28809	Winners of each senior category received one of the numerous trophies on offer, and the whole day concluded with a recital in the Old Chapel where the senior winners competed for the coveted Forbes cup for ‘best performance’.
28810	Winners of these awards categories will be recognised as particularly strong in that area of business.
28811	Winners will be announced at the Specialist Media Conference on 24 April 2013.
28812	Win new vendors by advertising internationally.
28813	Winning captain, Councillor Johnston, said: "This was the first year of MEA United and we couldn't be more proud of all of those who took part.
28814	Winning designs are then manufactured by McCarthy’s network of highly skilled jewellery makers, with designers receiving a share of the net profits.
28815	"Winning helps, but they are a great bunch – all idiots in their own way, but I love them all.
28816	Winter is not to be endured, but anticipated and experienced.
28817	Winter tyres are a specially designed type of tyre that are perfectly suited to wintery conditions.
28818	Winter Tyres I have a pair of Continental Contisport Contact 5 SSR 275/40 R 20w XL with 7-8mm on them.
28819	Wiped off, in honourable keeping her.
28820	Wiredforideas is a computer retailer selling a variety of computers, computer components and other accessories.
28821	With 132 rooms and city centre located, you really can't go wrong.
28822	With 13 layers of ink, the final portrait consists of more than 148 million pixels based on 168,263 painting fragments from Rembrandt’s oeuvre.
28823	With 563bhp and, more importantly, 575lb ft of torque from only 1,500rpm, you’ve got the best of both worlds: effortless accelerative properties and the ability to maintain brisk speeds all day long if you so wish.
28824	With 5 years of experience in the installation of Glass Splashbacks and Shower Screens industry we offer the best service available.
28825	With 61% of the respondents saying they thought smacking worked for controlling children’s behaviours, 65% of that group admitted that they haven’t actually smacked their child.
28826	With 93 hectares of woodland, grassland and marshland to explore, it’s a great place for a family walk and has lovely clear freshwater lakes.
28827	With a 300-year heritage, RSA is one of the world's leading multinational quoted insurance groups.
28828	With a £63 set-up charge and £20 per annum fee, detractors are saying that it homeowners will be unlikely to see savings.
28829	With a background in training, management and youth work, when a vacancy came up for a Cycling Instructor in 2010 she jumped at the chance.
28830	With a beaut bandeau neckline, featuring sequin fabric with a rear fastening zip, this sass bodysuit designed by our girl Sarah is a party staple!
28831	With about 7000 species of vascular plants, Nepal is a globally important biodiversity hot-spot.
28832	With a business plan focused on your ideal customer, you hold in your hand a powerful tool for keeping your business on track.
28833	With access to all three of the borough’s leisure centres, as well as the Dell Stadium, this is a great way to get more exercise.
28834	With access to the UK’s top insurers as well as specialist providers, including Lloyds of London, Motts Insurance are a one stop shop for all your insurance needs.
28835	With a chill and a frost in the air, your wedding party can accessorise with fluffy boleros or a velvet cloak.
28836	With a comfortable and modern car rental from Enterprise, you have the freedom to explore sights in Estremadura beyond Caceres.
28837	With a constantly updated blog, CheapOair informs and enables customers to make travel decisions with city guides, travel trends and company news.
28838	With a continuing programme of new builds and refurbishments, there are plenty of opportunities in the education sector.
28839	With a convector radiator and stairs to the first floor.
28840	With a core understanding of the intricacies of event management combined with the hospitality industry, and exposure to an array of events across London, you will gain transferable skills for a range of careers in international or UK events management.
28841	With a deeper understanding of your customers’ actions, you can better serve them, engage them and ultimately increase sales.
28842	With advice on buy-to-let mortgages and compliance considerations for landlords, we can help at every stage of the process.
28843	With a full belly I was fit for nothing more than a hour or two of lounging.
28844	With age, you will realise that your skin needs something special other than the same products you’ve been using since you were eighteen.
28845	"With a good connection building up within the town and a very good batch of juniors continuing to come through year on year the future of the club looks a lot healthier."
28846	With a height of 10 feet, the water falls into a deep pool with overhanging rocks and branches.
28847	With a huge global audience and plenty of tournaments available, it attracts plenty of bettors.
28848	With a large sandy beach just moments away, Meudwy is the perfect place to take a dip in the ocean before building a sandcastle on the sand!
28849	With a list price (including options) of more than £40,000, they’re liable for an additional surcharge of £310 a year in years two to six, bringing the annual bill to £450 during that period.
28850	With a little research and trial and error, I realised that bilingual or multilingual documents aren’t as difficult as I originally thought to create.
28851	With all Assured Shorthold Tenancies landlords can increase the rent after the initial fixed period if it is stated in the tenancy agreement or if the tenant agrees to the increase.
28852	With all its quirks, living in College means being part of a community.
28853	With all these resources customers were easily able to pick out which style was best for them.
28854	With all the talk about business exports and expansion, SoLoMo advocates a more local approach.
28855	With an advantage of more than an hour, Loeb crashed the day after the rest day in Urumqi while driving off the main track to avoid a rocky river bed.
28856	With an All Inclusive trip to Malta, your flights, hotel and food are paid for.
28857	With an AYGO grade to suit every lifestyle and budget, there’s sure to be a small car finance option that works for you.
28858	With a neck cut out, it is comfortable to wear and is a quick and easy way to wash someone's hair.
28859	With an estimated 65.3 million refugees worldwide, it is time we addressed the fact that while the poorest countries are taking in more than their fair share, developed countries continue to fight against sheltering more refugees.
28860	With an extensive network of fabricators, electricians, photographers and invigilators throughout the UK; Laura McNamara provides the tailored results you expect.
28861	With an incomitant (non-comitant) squint, the size of the squint differs depending on direction.
28862	With an increase in the conversion rates, your cost-per-acquisition (CPA), or the amount you spend on acquiring a new customer, starts declining.
28863	With an ongoing investment in the latest plant and equipment, DSM Demolition are able to offer clients the most efficient and cost effective range of services across the board.
28864	With an ornate fireplace, Greyfriars' spacious lounge also has a flat-screen TV.
28865	With any boom sector comes 'too-good-to-be-true' fixes that can tarnish an industry and portray the wrong image.
28866	With a passion for the subject and over 14 years? experience in English teaching, we guarantee great results for serious students at every level.
28867	With a playground and swimming pool close by, there are activities available to entertain the whole family.
28868	With a proven track record in the telecoms industry our success is based on delivering outstanding service to our customers whatever their needs Solid Telecom are committed to providing all types of tellecommunication solutions.
28869	With a range of modern white base and wall units with worktop space over incorporating a 'Rangemaster' brushed steel single drainer sink unit with tiled splash backs, integrated electric double oven, four ring gas hob and an extractor hood over.
28870	With a rapid expansion programme, Deichmann UK will continue to establish a major presence in UK footwear retailing over the next few years.
28871	With a roomy compartment and a few organising options, this timeless design makes for a stylish piece when carried solo.
28872	With a selction of fantastic wedding suites available to you it is easy to see why we are one of the leading north west wedding venues.
28873	With a selection of wall and base unit incorporating sink unit with drainer and having electric point for cooker.
28874	With a small plaque in The Guildhall currently the only public monument to the sacrifice, it’s a slice of local history ripe for telling to a wider audience.
28875	With a string of major UK and international brand names as clients, ''I-am'' Associates have worked on significant projects for major household names.
28876	With a sunset, picnic and Shakespeare - the perfect summer evening.
28877	With a text focused on academic debate and critique, any activist reader must work hard to get useful ammunition.
28878	With a total of 4 million bookings last year, Holiday Extras pride themselves on providing customers with the best extras, for the lowest prices.
28879	With a total of seven airbags as standard, in the event of a collision, you and your passengers are in safe hands.
28880	With a vast choice of seasonal products as well as food halls selling top local gourmet delicacies, customers will be spoiled for choice.
28881	With bags stowed it was out in the sunshine for a short walk from the hotel to another fascinating architectural landmark, which was originally the home of Augustus Pugin renowned architect of the Houses of Parliament.
28882	With being able to visit you at home, as well as in our workshop we can guarantee you are with the highest quality team around the Beanacre area.
28883	“With Birmingham being the country’s second biggest city, this expansion is a massive statement of intent for Lane7.
28884	With block-level data deduplication, any changes the employees make don’t turn it into an entirely new file, it just updates the blocks.
28885	“With both businesses now established and the synergies obvious, we look forward to making our customer’s key management and viewings/inspections easier and even more secure.’
28886	With branches located across Liverpool as well as surrounding Liverpool – Enterprise Rent-a-Car tries to ensure a branch is convenient for you.
28887	With brands such as Viner, On-One, Holdsworth, Tomac, Selcof and Titus there's so many options for you to choose from - check out Planet X and see where it takes you.
28888	With carefully placed fallen trees, nets, ropes and giant tree stumps, branches and hammocks, Wild Kingdom is an urban oasis with natural play at its heart.
28889	With Coventry becoming the city of culture in 2021, we reflect on our cities untold history good and bad, and to some; shocking.
28890	With demand on the up, and the supply of available homes falling once again, buyers will find themselves facing stiff competition from other house-hunters.
28891	With double glazed window to front aspect and two double glazed windows to side aspect.
28892	Withdraw any licence issued to kill buzzards or other birds of prey.
28893	With easy bus and transport access in and out of the area you will never be stuck of places to go.
28894	With ebooks, the journey from author to publication is much simpler and cheaper – and there’s now no excuse for ebooks prices beyond a pound or two.
28895	With everything you'll need to take a cast of your or your lover's penis, this kit will help you recreate every detail of your favourite schlong in soft silicone for maximum realism.
28896	With exams, deadlines, society commitments, personal development and trying to maintain a healthy lifestyle – university can be a lot of stress.
28897	With excellent economy from a range of downsized engines, the sort of cabin tech you thought was the preserve of the premium German marques and a box-fresh chassis with an all-wheel drive option, there looks to be life in the Mondeo yet.
28898	With extra-time providing no more goals, the game went to the lottery of penalties and Smith would become the hero.
28899	With fabulous live music, over 30 eateries, 6 hot nightclubs, a 19-screen theatre with cutting-edge IMAX® and more than 30 shops, Universal CityWalk is the perfect place to relax and unwind after an action-packed day.
28900	With famous Norfolk turkeys for Christmas, game is a strong focus for A & C Meats: expect pheasant, partridge quail, grouse, mallard, hare, rabbit and pigeon among others.
28901	With food and service to rival ‘fine-dining’ restaurants, but without the pretention and stand-offish-ness that often accompanies these places, The Whitespoon is the perfect spot for a smart dinner in an approachable, comfortable environment.
28902	With further training you could move into social work or educational welfare.
28903	With games, glitter tattoos, face painting, music, bubbles and much more for the children, plus a sweet treat to be taken home, you can sit back and enjoy a drink from the bar.
28904	With gorgeous graffiti scribbled over the walls and a blackboard laden with luscious lunch options, Soulshine Café has many attractions.
28905	With gorgeous mountain formations surrounding tranquil waters on several of the Philippines’ most impressive islands, it offers the perfect opportunity to ride across the surface in a small Kayak while taking in the great scenery.
28906	With grass growing ten months a year and no need to house cows in winter, dairy products are exceptional.
28907	With Habitat you can furnish most of your house as they sell everything from sofas, to light fittings, and even pots and pans.
28908	With hate in the media rising, it’s no coincidence that hate crime is rising too.
28909	With high ceilings throughout, wood floors and period features.
28910	With high-virulence forms of the virus, ASF is characterised by high fever, loss of appetite, haemorrhages in the skin and internal organs, and death in 2-10 days on average.
28911	With hindsight, however, and given the bitter experience of many of our constituents, we see that the process lacked transparency and rigour, was neither robust nor effective, and was significantly skewed in favour of lending institutions.
28912	With historical links to treasured writers and poets, a holiday to one of these cottages offers plenty to inspire any bookworm or budding writer.
28913	With impressive facilities, like science laboratories, a gym and fitness suite, along with a 120-seat lecture theatre, all with a university-style feel.
28914	Within a short drive are Newcastle International Airport, Kingston Park, Newcastle Falcons Rugby Club and the Metro Centre.
28915	Within each component of care, the report sets out the goal the system should aim for, presents key evidence about works, gives examples of local innovations, and some pointers to major reviews and relevant guidance.
28916	Within minutes of leaving the car park you enter a world far removed from the holiday hustle and bustle of the nearby towns and villages.
28917	Within our range we have items suitable for any setting such as schools, offices, health clinics, sports and leisure facilities and restaurants.
28918	With intense blackberry and spicy damson fruit, it makes a tasty glass with roast beef, duck or a rich game stew.
28919	Within the Grimsby office is a proactive team that over the years, continue to adapt and evolve to the changing demands of local businesses.
28920	Within the increasing trend of citizen journalism, social networking and high-speed, always on, internet connections, it is impossible to avoid the outbreak of these images.
28921	Within the list of 31 most marginal seats in 2017, a remarkably high proportion (12 seats) are in Scotland, comprising eight SNP holds, three Labour gains from the SNP and one Conservative gain from the SNP.
28922	Within the MRC CBU, the internal Graduate Committee is responsible for all aspects of the running of the degrees.
28923	Within the search space, merchants are not just competing for a position; they’re now fighting to feature ahead of maps, localised results, photographs, videos, recommended links and much more.
28924	Within the university, English is sufficient for me to speak with most of the other professors, but a lot of the administration staff are reluctant to speak English.
28925	With its glorious panoramic views over the River Alde, a new wine and drinks list features artisan spirits, local soft drinks and a wonderful range of wines by the glass, you can enjoy a drink whilst enjoying the best vista in Suffolk.
28926	'With its good selection of black and white photographs, sections of Ordnance Survey maps, timetables and ticketing detail, the book follows the tried and tested format that is Middleton Press.'
28927	“With its streets and alleyways, the village is an all-round sensory experience – filled with sights, smells and the sound of real cobblestone roads,” he added.
28928	With its stunning location, right on the tip of the Baja California Peninsula, guests couldn’t ask for more when it comes to stunning surroundings at the Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos.
28929	With it's traditional green and yellow livery intact, it fits in perfectly at it's new rural home alongside the purpose built kitchen hut and the compost loo.
28930	With jeans or heels, pull it on and let the good times roll!
28931	With Jonny's lifestyle being very varied and busy, he knew he would have to make a big change to his diet and exercise.
28932	With just these books, some ingenuity and his profound respect for the hawk's indomitable wildness, Richard learned to 'man', or train, his kestrel, Kes, and in the process found the passion that would shape his future.
28933	With just under a month from release, we're recapping several of Anderson's most unforgettable moments.
28934	With Kardashian’s encouragement, the trickle of snake emojis under Swift’s posts turned into a pour, prompting Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom to give her a trial run on an Instagram filter that allowed her to delete specific words or emojis from their feeds.
28935	With Leicester City’s unexpected Premier League title, many started speculating about what economic benefits it would bring.
28936	With life sized models of dinosaurs and excavated dinosaur skeletons, a trip here is sure to provide a quirky and fun day out, with lots of hands-on activities teaching visitors about all the different types of dinosaur.
28937	With limited resources, the has a developing programme which I believe we can support to enhance capacity to tackle doping.
28938	With Log Me In, you can access your PC from any of your devices.
28939	With loss limits at individual landlord and tenant level removed, the cover – which is underwritten by leading UK insurer Hiscox – is comprehensive.
28940	With lots of interactive displays and activities you can get up close and personal with the artefacts and enjoy a free day out!
28941	With love from both sets of Parents and all the Family.
28942	With major championships typically falling later in the year, Diamond believes the timing of the competition in Australia played in a factor in leaving her just short of silverware.
28943	With major changes underway in the skills system our survey demonstrated the top priority for business is getting the apprenticeship levy fit-for-purpose.
28944	With many electricians listed in Market Deeping, it’s hard to know what to look for when choosing a reliable tradesman.
28945	With many electricians listed in Melton Mowbray, it’s hard to know what to look for when choosing a reliable tradesman.
28946	With many electricians listed in Thame, it’s hard to know what to look for when choosing a reliable tradesman.
28947	With many electricians listed in Whittlesey, it’s hard to know what to look for when choosing a reliable tradesman.
28948	With many years of experience in the Legal industry, Renney and Co provides employment law advice to customers throughout the UK.
28949	“With May lending figures, we get our first glimpse at the effect the Mortgage Market Review has had on lending trends and, at least so far, the impact appears subtle, rather than dramatic.
28950	With MediaMonkey, you can quickly organise your files according to different metadata.
28951	With Melissa as your guide, you will be working with beautiful seasonal Winter flowers and berries to make a “Festive Floral Corsage”, which will be yours to take home at the end of the session.
28952	With melted mars bar in the crunchy, puffed rice cereal base as well as sliced on top, this treat is perfect for Mars Bar lovers.
28953	With Mike Ashley not present at St James’, it will now be down to his close aides Keith Bishop and managing director Lee Charnley to make it clear that the 58-year-old must be trusted with some serious money to splash out in the coming weeks and months.
28954	With modern fitted suite in white comprising low flush wc, P shaped bath with electric shower over and pedestal hand wash basin with a heated mirror cabinet above.
28955	With more than 20 years in the trade, we have built a reputation for providing personalised services with the best possible results.
28956	With more than 20 years of experience to his name, he is the ideal person to oversee your property needs.
28957	With more than 30 flower and foliage projects included, you'll also find practical step-by-step instructions and photos, and templates you can cut out and use again and again.
28958	With much of the Sutton Coldfield course “required for other purposes”, a new course was made for 1874.
28959	With nearly 3,700 crashes from 2009-2014 caused by a driver using a phone, this bold move and the use of technology could see a vast improvement in road safety statistics.
28960	With Newshot suffering a shock defeat at home to South Lochaber on Saturday, Burgh now find themselves at the top on goal difference, however both Newshot and second-top Bellaire have games in hand over them.
28961	With nine million square feet of warehousing and office accommodation, the London Gateway Logistics Park will be the largest of its kind in Europe.
28962	With no fresh content being produced, no content marketing strategy, no link building work being done….
28963	With nutrition at the core of the company, each cup noodle uses high quality freeze-dried ingredients - a unique process which maintains the physical and nutritional integrity of the product, and differentiates Mr Lee’s Noodles from the competition.
28964	With one of our voucher codes you can make great savings on Help for Heroes variety of merchandise.
28965	With only 109 sold and with political troubles aplenty in the UK car manufacturing business at that time, production finally ceased in 1967.
28966	With our 100% client satisfaction record and the most competitive rates, why not give us a call.
28967	With our competitive rates you are sure to find the ideal vehicle for you, whether you are travelling for business or pleasure.
28968	With our dedicated team and streamlined working practices, we’re perfectly equipped to meet the specific challenges of retail – in particular, the need for seriously rapid turnaround.
28969	With our demonstrator fleet we have many models available to test drive on site, so please get in touch to book an appointment so the vehicle will be ready and waiting when you arrive.
28970	With our expert advice, you will be able to keep your company up to date with the latest tax policies, prepare annual statements of accounts, etc.
28971	With our expert local instructors you will be guided along some of Scotland's most spectacular Highland scenery.
28972	With our innovative technologies you can tumble dry garments you never thought possible - outdoor wear, wool and even silk.
28973	With our market experience and our agents' intimate knowledge of these areas we provide accurate, achievable, market appraisals and a comprehensive management service for your peace of mind.
28974	“With our market leading production knowledge and technology, we are driving innovation to meet this growing demand in both the UK and now overseas.”
28975	With our online case submission system and standalone affordability calculator you can obtain a DIP before progressing to full application - so you can ensure you place your client's case with a suitable lender.
28976	Without a doubt, any influencer if you scroll down maybe a couple of scrolls you’re going to see products that they’re using whether they’re doing it through a paid means, or just organically this is products that they use.
28977	Without a doubt, dealing with defects can be one of the trickiest parts of construction claims.
28978	Without backlinks, it is VERY, very hard to rank your content.
28979	Without continued improved assistance, it could still get worse in 2015.
28980	Without convictions, no progress could be made finding and helping the 1400 girls that Professor Jay wrote about.
28981	Without doubt the most fun event in the waste management industry calendar, the National Refuse Championships is a great opportunity to celebrate our refuse collection crews and the valuable job they do.
28982	Without doubt the most successful college sports team this year has been the basketball squad.
28983	Without it, I simply would not have been drawn to epilepsy research.”
28984	Without one or both there has been a struggle to tip tight games, no matter how much possession and pressure is generated.
28985	Without that emergency money, the budgeted figure was only £662.6 million.
28986	Without the need for collection and delivery or a loan car, we can offer an even earlier service apointment date.
28987	Without this awareness and learning they are ill equipped to deal with working life.
28988	Without timely access, the non-defaulter would have to cover losses; or require additional funds to pledge as collateral to their new counterparties; or both.
28989	With over 1,200 products on offer, Waitrose Cellar is the only place you’ll ever need to go for wine and spirits.
28990	With over 200,000 hotels to choose from and no booking fees the only question is where to go?
28991	With over 25 years of working with business owners we have no preconceived ideas about what your business needs.
28992	With over 3,000 wedding locations in our dedicated wedding venues directory, you'll make sure to get the right one.
28993	With over 30 car hire stations in London you can be sure to find one convenient for you.
28994	With over 30 years experience in its field specializing in all areas of Health & Safety, Security, CCTV and Building & Fire.
28995	With over 3,500 fantastic branded products and some very cool ‘experience’ rewards on offer, we think this is something that adds real value to our customer service driven data marketing.
28996	With over 5.3 million UK businesses with names, postal addresses, phone numbers and email addresses, you set a specific number of contact to suit your budget.
28997	With over a million micro (1 - 4 employees) and small (5 - 49 employees) employers reaching their staging date for auto-enrolment in the last quarter of 2016/17 and throughout 2017/18 it is important to ensure employers comply with their obligations.
28998	With over two million consumers in the UK reliant almost entirely on cash, it’s vital that the Payment Systems Regulator conducts an urgent market review.”
28999	With panels of Eastern inspired cherry blossoms and finches, the duvet cover will add interest to your bedroom.
29000	With paths leading directly from the summit of the Heights of Abraham, there are several circular walks you can take to really make the most of the views of Derbyshire’s famous Peak District National Park.
29001	With plenty of cool culture and inspiring sights, choosing one will be tricky.
29002	With plenty of off road parking and a garage, you will always have visitors and if they choose to stay, your office downstairs could always double up as a guest bedroom!
29003	With plenty of things to do in New Forest, you will always be spoilt for choice.
29004	With political leadership in disarray from Brexit, the Chartered Management Institute has published a timely report on how to better equip the nation with the leadership skills needed to manage in times of uncertainty.
29005	With previous experience as a wedding photographer, Harry knows exactly how to capture the right moments.
29006	With processing equipment for multiple inputs and outputs, it will reduce your rig/derig times and ensure video for your event is of the highest standard.
29007	With processing, the definition is far wider than before.
29008	“With proper help and support, those suffering from eating disorders can resume healthier eating habits and return to better emotional and psychological health.
29009	With recent announcements of significant investment coming into the town and plans for future regeneration, economic and employment opportunities are continually developing.
29010	With reductions in welfare budgets, it is important that all public expenditure is used in the fight against unemployment and associated poverty.
29011	With regards to your recent FOI request, I can confirm that a similar request from yourself (FOI 14816) was responded to on 26/10/2017.
29012	With regard to the factual complaints the Commission did not find any errors significant within the context of the article taken as a whole.
29013	With regular partner Jody McGarvey doing the steering, Great Field soon adopted his customary pacesetting role and set a strong gallop, while jumping accurately throughout to put pressure on his five rivals.
29014	With respect to timing, the strategy is based on early decommissioning following final shutdown of the facilities.
29015	With schools going back, I will use a triangle analogy.
29016	With seven studios, Beyond Movement, a 16m pool and 190 classes per week, join the finest club in Virgin Active's collection.
29017	With Shopify Plus, the team was able to build and launch a redesigned site they were actually proud of.
29018	With Shopify, you get a single place to run your business, one, unified platform for managing all your channels, products, orders, customers, and analytics.
29019	With Simon’s laid back approach, unquestionable passion for his work, sheer skill and ability to flag up those cheaper all too often forgotten cuts, it’s an essential education for any meat lover.
29020	With six conference and event rooms of varying sizes and styles and a completely flexible approach, your individual requirements and ideas are sure to be catered for.
29021	With so many changes it can be hard to keep up with the latest developments – especially if you’re a small business owner who has to juggle a range of different tasks.
29022	With so many different types of mortgage in the marketplace, you could be forgiven for not understanding all the different types of mortgage or for being confused.
29023	With some lawmakers simply refusing to support any bill that actively ignores the Constitution, and certainly one that allows a foreign spying system to be turned into domestic surveillance, a political compromise is needed to move forward.
29024	With some of South America’s most exceptional sights, such as Machu Picchu, Cusco and Lake Titicaca, Peru will never disappoint.
29025	With some planning and awareness, these issues can be managed and need not prevent you from running a successful drop shipping business.
29026	With so much beautiful music to choose from, matching the style of the wedding to suitable music is best left to the couple, after all they will have to listen to it again and again.
29027	With sophisticated technology, improved airflow performance and simplified commissioning process, ComfoAir Q makes it easy to comply.
29028	With standing orders though it’s important that you make sure you have the money in your account to pay it or you could be charged.
29029	With storage cupboard off with uPVC double glazed window.
29030	With stunning looks, fantastic performance and hi-spec equipment, the new Grancabrio convertible from Maserati shows the very best of what the Italian manufacturer is capable of.
29031	With Subsquad, Subway customers can boost their Subcard reward points every time they - and their friends - members of their Subsquad, make a purchase via the Subcard app.
29032	With such wide spread application, a simpler, cheaper and quicker method has the potential to open up a whole host of new opportunities leading to rapid advances in technology.
29033	With summer on its way, and temperatures nudging upwards, now’s the time that riverside properties, such as the one pictured, really come into their own, often commanding a premium if the property comes with a mooring and access to the river itself.
29034	With that in mind, create a clear headline and summary: who you are, who you help, and how you help them.
29035	With that in mind, we’ve put together a guide to pre-trip preparation for motorhome owners to help you get started.
29036	With that in mind you’ll have access to industry standard facilities in a supportive environment.
29037	With the ability to procure direct from source countries, we act as an importer and supplier of fresh produce to the UK industry.
29038	With the assistance of experts in Cambridge, London, and across the UK the delegates explored new ideas, got to know each other and experienced life in the UK, and we also learnt from them.
29039	With the ball breaking loose, Noble advanced unchecked into the Huddersfield area before firing an unstoppable 15-yarder between the helplessly exposed ‘keeper’s outstretched left glove and the right-hand post.
29040	With the Cambridge Station Greater Anglia Rail car park so conveniently positioned, it’s ideal for commuters and day trippers alike.
29041	With the championship sown up, Gilbert and Morgan swapped their 600 for an F1 outfit for Sunday’s action, but a DNF in race one was not what was in their plans.
29042	“With the clock ticking on Brexit, the next UK Government’s key short term priority must be to secure a deal on the rights of EU nationals to live and work in the UK.
29043	With the competition well underway, we are re-sharing the videos from the World Cup winners and legends Jonny Wilkinson, Martin Johnson, Ben Kay, Jason Leonard and international players Dan Cole, James Haskell and Tom Croft.
29044	With the CompTIA A+ credential, you can begin your career on a very good note.
29045	With the connectors provided, you can turn those e.g. light tubes into bracelets, necklaces or band.
29046	With the continuing rise of mobiles apps and responsive websites, CMS must now deliver content for mobile, responsive websites and ebooks in addition to traditional channels.
29047	With the end of the cold war and the reduction in the size of the armies of NATO and the Warsaw Pact, the arms manufacturers try to intensify their already large trade with the Third World so as to keep up profits.
29048	With the exception of Greece, funding costs are now well below nominal GDP growth.
29049	With the help from Mark at our local show room, this was our choice, and as you can see the result, in our opinion is just right.
29050	With the help of a capital grant of £7,000, Cylch Meithrin Mornant, based in Penyffordd in Flintshire, will be able to take the unique opportunity to purchase a porta-cabin after their previous facility had become in state of disrepair.
29051	With the help of our supporters and volunteers, SSAFA makes a practical difference in the lives of more than 61,000 people every year.
29052	With the HomeControl+ App linked with the PyronixCloud, you can set and unset your system, get system status and receive notification of any event in the palm of your hand from anywhere.
29053	With their compact design, FX downflow fan heaters are the popular choice for heating bathrooms and en suites as well as kitchens.
29054	With the leaves off the trees their skeletal shapes can be seen in all areas of the Gardens – it is worth looking at them to enjoy the varied shapes.
29055	" With the majority of our customers registering with our service year upon year, it just goes to show that our service has helped to eradicate unwanted calls from many households.
29056	With the many different types of reports supported by Exchange Reporter Plus, it is now possible to get lot more Exchange data without having to create a bunch of PowerShell scripts.
29057	With the new Premier League season underway, we look at how to tune in at home as well as at your local hostelry.
29058	With the new release of apt-1.1, the apt repositories at http://download.
29059	With the power to prolong stamina, enhance erection size and strength offer clitoral stimulation for her, we can't think of one reason why everyone (with a penis) shouldn't own one.
29060	With the pressure now being exerted on Abramovich by the British government, it is hard to see any certainty over the outcome.
29061	With the reassurance of extended Toyota warranties - up to 60 months - and full roadside assistance, as well as thorough checks by our trained technicians, every TOYOTA PLUS vehicle is ready to go.
29062	With the recent relocation to Terminal 2 at Incheon Airport alongside with Delta, we will be able to provide seamless service to our customers.
29063	With the result, Barking remain at the bottom of the table.
29064	With the results for each product listed in clearly comparable tables, readers can see how each tool operates and compare each one in light of their own viewability objectives.
29065	With the right devices, you could get alerts on your TV when the washing machine had finished its cycle, or when the timer was done on your oven.
29066	With the right planning, you'll be able to create an outdoor paradise that will become a welcome respite from the hectic pace of everyday life.
29067	With the rise of more and more mother and daughter businesses starting up around the country, it’s often the closeness of these unique personal relationships which fuels a thriving partnership.
29068	With the rules and roles of direct response TV changing, the onus is on agencies and advertisers to make the most of exciting new insights.
29069	With the streetscape works taking place and the new covers being replaced with metal covers (embedded with various types/thicknesses of slabs), it is virtually impossible to lift the covers and gain access to the apparatus.
29070	With the success of services such as Amazon Prime, a consumer’s delivery expectations are getting bigger and the time they are happy to wait for products is getting smaller.
29071	With the success of Tinder and match.
29072	With the tide of public opinion turning because of issues such as marine plastic pollution, it is encouraging to see that the government is willing to act.
29073	With the US being one of the EU’s main competitors on a global scale, the increase in production could affect the demand for EU pig meat.
29074	With this free delivery option in mind, if you’re not in a rush to get your hands on your furniture and want to save every penny you can, it’s worth waiting until a free delivery promo pops up.
29075	With this increasing use comes increasing responsibility.
29076	With this information in place, we put together your marketing action plan which assesses the balance and mix of channels, priorities, resources and your evaluation plan.
29077	“With this in mind, these latest figures should provide much comfort to off-gas grid households using oil who can be assured they are choosing the least expensive fuel option.
29078	With this in mind, you will examine key terms that have shaped the discipline of art history, in order to consider some key issues and debates that shape writing about art.
29079	With this interoperable engine, spatial data quality analysis can be achieved in environmental modelling.
29080	With this it will be convenient to consider clauses 17 and 18.
29081	With three ladies per team and four men, each runner did a lap of a fast three-mile course, before handing over to their team-mate with the fastest overall time winning.
29082	With three main ranges, Hoggs of Fife provide something for everyone in the countryside.
29083	With three piece white suite which consists of shower cubicle with mixer shower, wash hand basin set in vanity unit and w.c. with dual push button flush.
29084	With two lecture theatres, three teaching rooms and three syndicate rooms, Building:One offers a variety of high-spec spaces for a range of events.
29085	With uncapped commission in your first 6 months and a thriving market this is the perfect opportunity to get a kick start in the industry and begin a lucrative career with us.
29086	With upcoming gigs supporting Bareface, and headlining The One festival in the summer, the only way left to go for End of the Spectrum is up.
29087	With us, there is no need to worry about escalating costs.
29088	With very best wishes to you all."
29089	With well over 13,000 members in the UK and Ireland, generating 680,000 referrals with value in excess of £300 million every twelve months, our network is everywhere!
29090	“With Wentworth changing dates next year to September that’s huge because I can come back and defend in Texas without any clash so it’s all turned out to be good timing.”
29091	With window to rear offering views over neighbouring countryside, built in double wardrobe and underfloor heating.
29092	With years of experience within this sector, Construction Work Direct gives clients and candidates a user friendly job board to fill all recruitment needs.
29093	With your car rental you are also not far from the seaside and you can take a ride to enjoy some time along the coast or at any of the attractive resorts.
29094	With your free account you can easily update or cancel your alerts whenever you want.
29095	With your grant funding agreement signed, you can start work on your project.
29096	With YourParkingSpace you can reserve parking in Hoxton, such as parking for the day, good value overnight car parking, or a space on a monthly basis.
29097	With your real teeth, there is the concern that damage can spread to the other in the mouth.
29098	Witness the meaningful work being done to help orphans and at-risk families during this philanthropic excursion.
29099	Wolf-like dogs have been highlighted in several top shows in recent years.
29100	Wolf's Caves lie below.
29101	Women are being pushed back into the private.
29102	Women are particularly affected by cuts in social care services, 82% of the social care workforce are women.
29103	Women, children and men across Wales will continue to have a main point of contact to access support, information, safety-planning, advocacy, refuge and counselling services.
29104	Women, Daesh & Discourse: A Critical Analysis.
29105	Women make better investors - so why do they shun the stock market?
29106	Women’s rights were rarely spoken about, and in mostly Catholic schools any talk regarding sexual education outside of a heteronormative Catholic relationship was nonexistent.
29107	“Women want to watch women who look like them – not this unachievable look.
29108	Wonderful guests and such a lovely review, thank you so much.
29109	“Wonderfully soft, smooth and fruity, with a hint of spice.
29110	Wonderful service to celebrate the extraordinary life of Dale Winton.
29111	Wonderful watching the tide go in and out and the dogs on the beach … great life for them.
29112	Won’t I stand by him against any such opposition?
29113	Won't say I enjoy ironing now for my family of five (loads of sports wear as well as uniforms and work shirts) but it certainly has made it quicker and a little less of a chore.
29114	Won’t send me a code to change my password.
29115	Wooden corner posts complete the contemporary metal styling.
29116	Wooden door with double glazed window leading to the side of the property.
29117	Woodland burials are a new concept within the Council’s Cemetery Service and designed to provide an alternative burial process that helps improve the environment by developing a new woodland.
29118	Woodmoss Joinery Ltd is a family run business.
29119	Woodwind: Flute, Oboe, Clarinet, Bassoon, Saxophone, Recorder Many instruments belong to the woodwind family.
29120	Woolworth's is on the left, and can be seen on the right in looking back this way.
29121	Wootton Wawen Primary School and fete is on Saturday 23rd June 12-2pm.
29122	WORCESTER-based land and property and asset management company Place Partnership has strengthened it support for county schools through a key appointment.
29123	Word limits in the applications also remain in place.
29124	Work at ExxonMobil?
29125	Work begins to build hospice training siteWORK on a £1m training facility to spread hospice care into the community is under way near Sandbach.
29126	Work can be hard, and 87% of staff say people are willing to give extra to get the job done.
29127	“Work can be stressful, so exercise really helps to clear my head, which in turn has helped with my sleeping,” he says.
29128	Worked tidily and professionally and on completion talked through all he done.
29129	“Workers should never be allowed to stand directly on the forks on a forklift truck because of the risk of them falling or being injured by moving parts on the mast.
29130	Work for the Government — HM Revenue and Customs have their own training and career structure.
29131	Work has commenced on a temporary arena and cross country course for a major Equestrian event in Greenwich Park that will take place during July and August of this year.
29132	Working as a collective in a group action not only means there is strength in numbers but also means that your case can be dealt with more cost effectively which could maximise your damages.
29133	Working as part of the Quality Compliance team based in our global headquarters in Craigavon, you will be responsible for compilation, issuance and review of GMP documentation.
29134	Working as we do in publishing, heritage, visual media and business, we always align ourselves with our clients’ business needs, so we both flourish together.
29135	Working both alone or as part of a team, you should have a working knowledge of construction activity which wo.
29136	Working closely with our customers we are really pleased we can continue to provide them with great homes to live in while helping them move on and improve their lives and health and well-being.”
29137	Working closely with our customer this bespoke conveyor system was manufactured and assembled in house to save our client installation time on site.
29138	Working in a timely and professional manner you will be well versed with Health and Safety when working on and off site and present a positive and professional representation of Digi Security at all times.
29139	Working in close collaboration with Oliva von Halle's in-house design team The Barn created an eCommerce store that effortlessly conveyed the brand's relaxed and sophisticated feel with powerful, bespoke eCommerce functionality.
29140	Working in partnership, Cheshire West and Chester Council’s Road Safety Officers and Cheshire Constabulary organised the special launch events in Winsford and Ellesmere Port.
29141	Working in Retail is at the front line of raising the funds we need to deliver our cause, whilst delivering an exceptional service for our visitors.
29142	Working in the front office, the post holder must have good communication, organisational and customer care skills and be able to work on their own initiative.
29143	Working on high value, challenging, international and varying work, for a number of different clients - I enjoy not knowing what each day will bring (but knowing it will always be an exam question!
29144	Working Tax Credit run-on, which is paid for four weeks after you stop qualifying for Working Tax Credit.
29145	Working together I am sure we can get a fast reliable solution to your problem.
29146	“Working to their strengths has empowered them to be more active in their community.”
29147	Working with Landmark means we are not only able to apply new intelligent layers of risk management to our processes, but we are removing manual processes to streamline the whole survey and valuation trail.
29148	Working with Phoenix has been a pleasure.
29149	Working with professionals, communities and faith leaders we’re developing prevention strategies and initiatives that can help educate and raise awareness of faith and belief-based abuse.
29150	Working with residents across the District we will use every means at our disposal to keep on reducing the number of incidents.
29151	Working with the government and child care providers we're improving conditions in institutions, as well as enabling more children to be brought up in a nurturing family environment.
29152	Working with top management of the growth company and the asset managers/partners from the PE company.
29153	Work is currently progressing to improve both the resolution and frequency range of the Monochromator device.
29154	Work on the new building started in January but had to be called to a halt on the first day when human bones believed to be from the Middle Ages were discovered about a metre down.
29155	Work on the southbound carriageway of the M5 between junctions 1 and 2 is approaching completion.
29156	Work on this junction, along with other improvements to the A582, forms a key part of the Preston, South Ribble and Lancashire City Deal.
29157	Work out how long it’ll take you to get to the interview and give yourself plenty of time to get there.
29158	Work out, thanks to the complimentary use of the fitness centre, sink in the bathtub and catch a great movie on the home-theatre system.
29159	Works continue to progress rapidly in the development of a new repository for oil contaminated sands in the Gulf State of Kuwait, Middle East.
29160	Workshops at Home Farm and on the Estate https://www.
29161	Works involve the construction of a new independent 2 storey teaching block, and the refurbishment of an existing classroom, staff area & toilet facilities.
29162	Workspace - MediaCityUKLooking to move your business to MediaCityUK?
29163	Work started on the regeneration project in 1986 with the majority of the trees planted in 1993.
29164	Worktop, space and plumbing for washing machine and tumble dryer, wall mounted combination boiler, obscure glass window overlooking rear aspect.
29165	Work to refurbish the department started in September last year, but the idea to help provide a better service in the paediatrics outpatient ward was born long before then.
29166	Work With a Leading Digital Agency and.
29167	Work Your Shot!
29168	World class retail expertise like this can help us get the very best out of our shops.”
29169	Worldwide multi-trip family travel insurance provided and underwritten by AXA Insurance UK plc.
29170	Worn out of finding holes in your favourite garments?
29171	Worse came when he took over the conductorship of the New York Philharmonic in 1909.
29172	"Worst-case scenario, I might not be allowed to stay here by the time my next book with Julia Donaldson is launched."
29173	Worst of all, Crossrail will be like the Jubilee Line – if one nut falls off one train the entire line is halted as the trains are packed together.
29174	Worth a look with all those miles to cover and views to marvel over.
29175	Worth a second time!
29176	Would cars remain a status symbol, as they are now, or would Apple’s car be the only status symbol that counted?
29177	Would definately recommend them.
29178	Would definitely use the spot again.
29179	Would guess this is a very, very widespread problem (small screens, accessibility etc).
29180	Would happily recommend to friends and family and will use on our next return to the island.
29181	Would he be bullied by the other pigs for being a Southern softie?
29182	Would highly recommend them to anyone!
29183	Would I recommend it?
29184	Would it be in essence his speech?
29185	Would it ultimately produce a worse place to live?”
29186	Would like to see him on the coaching staff - Bomber and Steve under someone more experienced, like Warnock, who I don't believe did much of the coaching in his other jobs - but not the main man yet!
29187	Would love to visit Miss Watts as my twin and I have fond memories of St Paul's.
29188	Would recommend Steve from SPCPMS without hesitation and he is more than reasonable when it comes to his charge.
29189	Would that be one application then reserve and pay and then the other application reserve and pay or can I do both at the same time?
29190	Would we sell the last paper for a date?
29191	Would you be able to settle that and add it to a new finance agreement with you?
29192	Would you buy handmade crafts and artisan products from Amazon?
29193	Would you email a friend with, ‘Dear person I like’?
29194	Would you engage with people that way outside of a wedding reception?”
29195	Would you like a portrait of your dog or a much loved pet who is no longer with you.
29196	Would you like to marvel at Chinese architecture?
29197	Would you like to stay updated about findcourses.
29198	Would you like to take control of your vehicle and decide how you want it to perform?
29199	Would you rather speak to someone in person?
29200	Would your organisation consider registering further projects as Ultra Sites in the future?
29201	Would you say that joining three societies is a bit too much for a first year undergraduate?
29202	Would you suggest an alternative approach?
29203	WPC-UK provides a one-stop shop for IT and AV requirements through the supply, implementation, support and maintenance of the hardware.
29204	Wrap a thin piece of hair and wrap around the elastic, to cover it and create a softer finish.
29205	WRAP commissioned Axion Recycling Ltd. to conduct a kerbside collection trial to assess the potential of this method in separately capturing small domestic appliances.
29206	Wrap up warm and don't be afraid to hold onto the side of the rink if you're a newbie!
29207	WRAS approved, it is easy-to-clean and use.
29208	Wrest Park 1000 Piece Jigsaw PuzzleThe perfect gift for fans and visitors of Wrest Park, this 1000 piece jigsaw shows the impressive French parterre and statues looking up to the house.
29209	Wright then couldn’t quite get a vital touch from close range in the middle after Draycott played the ball across goal from the right just before the hour.
29210	Write from the heart, as if you were telling a customer about your company in a face-to-face conversation.
29211	Writeidea Festival - a free culture festival in Tower Hamlets Browser does not support script.
29212	Write to this address if you have a query about National Insurance and work on a ship or offshore in the oil and gas industry in the designated UK sector of the Continental Shelf.
29213	Written and directed by Chris Cooper.
29214	Written and directed for the third year running by Steve Marmion, Jack and the Beanstalk once again brings a contemporary edge to the traditional panto, with all the archetypal bells and whistles that a pantomime promises.
29215	Written Evidence on South African Foreign Policy in House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee Fifth report 2003-4.
29216	Written things, recordings of your children's reactions after visits (without them knowing), other peoples observations, build up your case.
29217	Wybunbury Delves CofE Primary School has been rated as Good at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
29218	Wycombe is a thriving market town in a prime position 30 miles from central London and 20 miles from Heathrow airport.
29219	Wyndeham Heron will also print UK Poker Player which launched in September 2005 and Total Gambler.
29220	Wyndeham Masterpiece’s Managing Director Barry Fitzpatrick said: ‘‘Both appointments serve to strengthen and develop Masterpiece’s creative services and confirm our commitment to growth.’
29221	Wyoming marriage records provide important information you can use to find your pioneer ancestors who settled out west.
29222	Xbox Live, for example, recommends download and upload speeds of 3Mb and 0.5Mb respectively, which should be comfortably covered by all broadband packages unless you're unlucky enough to live far from your exchange or street cabinet.
29223	Xenon headlights, original CD player, clean alloys and hard top (with hard top stand).
29224	X-rays and impressions can also be done during this appointment.
29225	Yadav, who had been released from prison on a two-year licence at the time of committing the offence, was charged with two counts of possessing a Class A and a further count of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.
29226	Yang Mould is quoted as being “extremely beneficial” for alleviating hip pain.
29227	Yannick Bolasie opened in the 68th minute, then Cabaye (89′) didn’t miss from the penalty spot securing the points for The Eagles.
29228	Yasin has achieved numerous qualifications including, Dyslexia Awareness, Safeguarding, and Autism Awareness.
29229	Yay it’s October half term!
29230	Yay, they've started cooking the bacon - A review of D:Licious Coffee & Sandwich Bar by Al Sandwiches have always been good but the new move to cooking the breakfasts rather than warming them.
29231	Yeadon renovations cover all aspects of external renovations, rendering, pointing, cladding, chemical cleaning, stone and brick repairs, external weather seal, flagging.
29232	Yeah hearing about how you guys talk about your story, it kind of almost helps me visualize 2 types of businesses that get started.
29233	Yeah, just there.
29234	Yeah, okay, there is a lot more detail to it than that, but understanding at a high level is important too.
29235	Yeah, you got a lot more to juggle these days.
29236	Year 1 and 2 also put their balance and co-ordination skills to the test in the egg and spoon race.
29237	Year 8 learn more advanced skills such as pastry, bread and quiche and by Year 9 pupils are working more independently, making chilli con carne, quesadilla with sour cream dip and samosa.
29238	Year after year, the Festival pursues new ways to introduce more people to the most original and authentic storytelling.
29239	Years ago after a life altering injury I stated my mission was to build a bridge between science, medicine and the public.
29240	Years of trying to say things simply and succinctly on television means he has become pretty good at teaching and explaining.
29241	Yena (or YENA as it was previously known) was started for many reasons.
29242	Yeoveney, a miraculous survival from a gentler, romantic era, was now frequented only by occasional fishermen.
29243	Yes, a G-meter, which records the sideways force generated as you go round bends.
29244	Yes, as most prepaid cards are issued by Mastercard or Visa, which are both widely accepted online, it should be easy to use these cards online to make purchases.
29245	Yes, as much as possible.
29246	Yes, children under the age of 16 can attend the show Free of Charge, with a paying adult.
29247	Yes, even reports on fictitious studies!
29248	Yes, I didn’t have all the experience they were looking for, but I knew that I could do the job, so I applied.
29249	Yes I guess the hardest part is having to shoulder all responsibility for your parent's welfare.
29250	Yes, I know Telford from my R.A.F. Service at R.A.F. Shawbury.
29251	Yes in engineering terms we (the UK) are second to none, but is sports we seem to be great at producing runners up.
29252	Yes - in fact we use cookies to protect your safety.
29253	Yes I remember Loxdale very well as it was a nursery compared to the big school.
29254	Yes, it does come as a full kit.
29255	Yes it does- the Council currently has two Dog Control Orders.
29256	‘Yes, I think so… although the melding of film and television is inevitable.’
29257	Yes, it is European football this evening.
29258	Yes, I’ve thought about it a lot, but it’s just never come up.
29259	Yes, Jamie Lomas, Dennis Wise and Amir Khan are very macho and competitive and I think it was obvious they didn’t hit it off with radio presenter Iain Lee.
29260	Yes, just call one of our friendly Health Advisors on 01942 496496, local call charges apply.
29261	Yesterday he told the BBC that he would not continue in 10 Downing Street after the 2020 general election if he wins this May, and singled out Home Secretary Theresa May, Mayor of London Boris Johnson and Chancellor George Osborne as possible successors.
29262	Yesterday I had the honour of being a part of my friend’s wedding, Sheryl (I’m the girl in the kiwi dress with the silly face).
29263	Yes, the Case Study will be drawn from the Written Proposal.
29264	Yes, the painting falls into two very clear halves divided by the water in the middle.
29265	Yes, there are toilets, including disabled and special needs.
29266	Yes, there is work to do and we will need to become familiar with some different language.
29267	Yes, the website operated very well when I requested my estimates and promptly!
29268	Yes, we confirm, it really is for free.
29269	Yes, we’ll do so until the job’s done – even if that means working into the early hours.
29270	Yes — We will ask you to sign a consent form before your course of rTMS starts.
29271	Yes you can watch your child swim from the viewing stand on the right as you enter the pool.
29272	Yes, you will still receive the same amount of virtual budget once the transfer takes place.
29273	Yet Bees made the better start in front of a packed arena at Basingstoke, with Josh Martin opening the scoring in the fourth minute and Frankie Bakrlik doubling their lead on 11:52.
29274	Yet despite being designated a street, Regent Street was not really a street at all - it possessed no road and was really nothing more than a row of houses with gardens and a walkway at the front and two passageways behind.
29275	Yet every day motorists are putting the safety of themselves and others at risk by using one.
29276	Yet I still felt very reverential about tackling the work.
29277	Yet, I still put so much pressure on myself to spend more money than I actually have in the bank – it’s the same every single year – I never learn.
29278	Yet it had paid a record dividend of £79 million and large bonuses to senior executives for performance in 2016.
29279	Yet it is one that could have a big impact.
29280	Yet, it is overwhelmingly men who occupy the top-paying roles.
29281	Yet rather than taking this as a wake-up call, the response of Theresa May’s control-obsessed government was to brief against someone widely regarded as among our most able—and neutral—diplomats.
29282	Yet, the problem is that they are struggling because houses are too expensive and someone just pulled the rug out from under a sizeable chunk of the market.
29283	Yet the shares of many UK smaller companies delivered exceptional returns over the past year, and Marlborough UK Micro-Cap Growth achieved an even greater return than the broader market.
29284	Yet while there were good political reasons to launch a joint offensive with a French Army demoralized by huge casualties at Verdun, the raw troops on the ground knew nothing of that.
29285	Yet you stay silent on the issue.
29286	YHA will use the information you have provided to process your application as a volunteer.
29287	Yoke are passionate about helping organisations release the full potential of their people.
29288	York is sometimes described as the capital of the north, and it's not difficult to see why.
29289	York Museums Trust will integrate this regional project closely with the national campaign being led by Imperial War Museums.
29290	Yorkshire Dales and Exmoor National Parks are designated.
29291	Yorkshire VCs – a book full of dramatic tales of derring-do.
29292	York Walterscheid, Director of Marketing & Sales at Sprylab: “It has been an exciting journey so far together with Bauer Media Group.
29293	Yotam Ottolenghi's path to the world of cooking and baking has been anything but straightforward.
29294	You agree not to use our Sites for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
29295	You agree that you will not, during or at any time after the completion, expiry or termination of this Agreement in any way question or dispute our ownership of or right to use those intellectual property rights.
29296	You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable legal costs, resulting from any third-party claim, action, or demand resulting from any unauthorised use of the Site by you.
29297	You aim to provide your clients with the best possible results.
29298	You all have different roles and get different information about what's happening to the ship.
29299	You already know what your business will be and how you will make it a success, so why write it down?
29300	You also benefit from a shower room with lots of storage.
29301	You also get a cool gift pack when you donate.
29302	You also have the option of a combo ticket which gives you a guided bus tour of the features you'll be seeing before you get up there!
29303	You also have the option to complete a comprehensive business plan instead of a dissertation.
29304	You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or other EU supervisory authority.
29305	You also have to prove that your system meets the ISO 14001 standard.
29306	You also nailed the poutine with some Canadians even saying it was the best they had ever had!
29307	You also receive bonus points on all eligible purchases, which are sent to you once a year in the form of a shopping voucher.
29308	You and your vehicles will be taken to a nearby garage if it cannot be repaired at the roadside.
29309	You are able to control how external enquirers or organisations access details of your results and degrees awarded.
29310	You are advised to ensure that the plate is changed to the new owner.
29311	You are advised to make any necessary checks before ordering.
29312	“You are clearly doing great work in Cumbria to ensure the next generation of dentists are the best they can be, keep up the good work.”
29313	You are constantly informed about:Average vehicle speed the current time journey and trip length average and instantaneous fuel consumption outside temperatures audio functions (radio, cassette and CD operation).
29314	You are harnessed onto the five seater swing, Europe's highest, then hoisted 80ft into the air.
29315	You are, however, prohibited from posting links on websites which focus on or encourage the submission of such content from users.
29316	You are likely to be given a support for your stomach that you might be required to wear for up to a month after your surgery.
29317	You are looking at article What is water Hardness?
29318	You are looking at article What's the difference between Total Aquastop and Double Aquastop?
29319	You are not alone in having these concerns and your partner’s medical team should be able to talk to you about these issues.
29320	You are not under any contractual or statutory requirement to provide any personal data to the Company during the process of recruitment.
29321	You are now back on a surfaced road which drops down the hill past some houses.
29322	You are requested not to smoke in the cottage.
29323	You are required to provide three proofs as part of the permit application process.
29324	You are responsible for paying your chosen registered childcare provider(s).
29325	You are responsible for your own safety.
29326	You are strongly advised to read these conditions which contain limitations and exclusions relating to our liability in respect of loss caused by delays or cancellations.
29327	You are sure to get wonderful food delivered straight to you.
29328	You are then eligible to seek Associate Membership of the CIPD.
29329	“You are the ones who make it and obviously the players have been fantastic and to do what they have done is unbelievable.
29330	You are unable to use the logo on items that are to be sold without approval from our Brand Partnerships Team.
29331	You are welcome to review any of our showcased businesses at any time (if you’ve already used them of course) and recommend a new business to us that we haven’t discovered yet.
29332	You both need to feel you’re roughly the same on the attractiveness scale (or other factors balance out the physical differences) and getting a good 'deal'.
29333	You bought tickets for Ricky Burns but don't have time to go?
29334	You came to the events with us.
29335	You can access the cookie tool by clicking on the 'change settings' tab/button.
29336	You can access the Planning Portal's 1APP planning application tool here.
29337	You can add another pay period if you need to by selecting ‘Add pay period’ and filling out the information again.
29338	You can add paint straight from the bottle or spoon some on with an old spoon.
29339	You can add this product to your makeup brush collection or as its own category.
29340	You can also access to measure the success of posts and campaigns without having to use a third-party tool.
29341	You can also appeal by calling 0300 123 9000.
29342	You can also avail yourself of the fitness center.
29343	You can also contact Amazon via social media.
29344	You can also decorate the jars however you’d like, whether that’s with hessian fabric, lace, or traditional jam jar fabric covers.
29345	You can also enjoy pre-performance and interval drinks in our Awen, Stones and Horizons bars situated behind the world-famous inscription.
29346	You can also find lots more information in our Smart Energy Monitor full user guide.
29347	You can also find out information about council tax and our overall budgets below.
29348	You can also get help online.
29349	You can also make new friends and meet like-minded people through a volunteer role.
29350	You can also opt for an e-Gift card, which can be sent directly to the recipient's inbox or to you for you to print out and give however you wish.
29351	You can also pack some novels if you are fond of reading or travelling solo.
29352	You can also pay by cash or debit card at any Post Office.
29353	You can also search the Local Land Charges Register online.
29354	You can also treat yourself to a snack and a cuppa while the litle ones let off some steam.
29355	You can also visit Brompton Cemetery, Victoria Tower Gardens and the Grosvenor Square Gardens for natural bliss in the city.
29356	You can alter this easily using the +/- buttons.
29357	You can always use post-shoot editing to photoshop in a more appealing sky.
29358	You can apply for additional support if you have study-related expenses arising from a disability.
29359	You can apply for an advance in minutes via our easy to use website form.
29360	You can apply for grown up sons, daughters or other adults (but not your partner or boarder).
29361	You can apply your skills by volunteering, making a difference to yourself and to others, or you can communicate your passion for your subject via our public engagement programmes.
29362	You can approach conservation organisations, horticulture groups, the National Trust or the to find voluntary work.
29363	You can ask a client, supplier or professional adviser to act as your referee.
29364	You can ask us for a list of the insurers that we deal with.
29365	You can ask us for an assessment if you think your child needs an Education, Health and Care Needs plan.
29366	You can avoid food poisoning simply by understanding the 4Cs of food hygiene: Chilling, Cooking, Cleaning and avoiding Cross-Contamination.
29367	You can be confident that you are in expert hands.
29368	You can be especially creative with mosaic patterns, because it is up to you how you arrange them.
29369	You can block or erase cookies from your computer if you want to, but certain parts of the FMC website are reliant on the use of cookies to operate correctly and may not work correctly if you set your browser not to accept cookies.
29370	You can bring a copy which you have purchased from anywhere, we will also have Tele’s available to purchase from the promotional stand on the day.
29371	You can change between train and bus services at over 270 train stations in Britain.
29372	You can change your location via the "Find a forecast" box in the top left corner of the homepage.
29373	You can check that your domain name is pointing to the right IP address by clicking on the details tab on your Shared hosting package.
29374	You can choose from 52 flavours, including Irn Bru sorbet.
29375	You can choose from a variety of add-ons to make your driving excursion even easier, from Sat Navs for steering along unfamiliar routes, to the option of adding extra drivers for longer journeys.
29376	You can choose from our exquisite range of elegant and contemporary designs that bring your room to life.
29377	You can choose from over 25 different sized private self storage rooms, so that you only pay for the space that you need.
29378	You can claim back your policy excess on a claim where you're at fault or the other party can't be identified.
29379	You can claim your refund through your Asda Groceries Home Shopping account.
29380	You can clear the cache to force SctGUI to re-read the test result from IS.
29381	You can come to the course with a personal project in mind, which you can discuss with our learning facilitator.
29382	You can contact one of the OU advisors on 029 2047 1170.
29383	You can contact the Hampshire Highways Unit by calling 0300 555 1388 or visit http://www3.
29384	You can control its settings by going to Finder > Security & Privacy tab.
29385	You can customise everything from the design to the copy so that it mirrors the image you want to project.
29386	You can customise your set-up by clicking ‘Customise set-up’ and then clicking ‘Add a pay period’.
29387	You can disable clamd, but Symbiosis doesn't give you a simple way to do that.
29388	You can do it with Ultimate Studios UK performing arts school and Dance school Crawley.
29389	You can do so for up to four years for goods that you still have, and for up to six months for services.
29390	You can do this by removing the SIM card from the phone and switching the phone back on to see if your contacts are still there.
29391	You can do your own work but then you have to pay the Local Authority Building Control to come in and inspect and certify the work, so you might as well get an electrician to do it.
29392	You can edit your social media preferences in the settings page.
29393	You can either book the site visits and the conference or just the conference.
29394	You can either make a full plans application or use a building notice.
29395	You can encourage comments from readers by asking a question at the end of a blog post, asking them to leave their thoughts in the comments.
29396	You can enjoy a gentle riverside stroll through a grove of towering firs, or climb up beside a dramatic gorge carved out by the rushing Abhainn Teithil Burn in search of waterfalls, lofty bridges – and a mischievous troll.
29397	You can enjoy exclusive use of this gorgeous wedding venue in Northern Ireland, and there is accommodation onsite so you can really make an event of it.
29398	You can enjoy the wonders of the play area for yourselves later this year.
29399	You can enjoy unlimited weekly travel for as little as £15.50; with our adult weekly m-ticket!
29400	You can enter some National Certificate or National Qualification courses (SCQF level 4-6) with no formal qualifications but most courses ask for National 4/5 qualifications (SCQF level 4/5).
29401	You can enter through an ice cream parlour and one of the first bar areas.
29402	You can even chat on an online adviser via Facebook.
29403	You can even throw in for convenient pick up at the airport on arrival and save even more.
29404	You can even upgrade your service with the content you want to watch, potentially adding up to 65 extra channels as part of the networks range of TV boost packages.
29405	You can expect a fun time – the Allison way!”
29406	You can expect in the longer term to suffer fewer infections, lose fewer workdays to sickness, have a lower risk of strokes and cancers, and live longer.
29407	You can expect some tenderness and minor swelling around the eyes although this will soon pass and any discomfort can be eased with painkillers.
29408	You can expect very affordable prices without any concealed fees.
29409	You can filter your results or use our Advanced Search for even better results based on your budget, ideal location and a whole host of other options.
29410	You can find anything from workout clothes to fishing gear and camping gear, and much, much more.
29411	You can find bamboo in garden centres.
29412	You can find lots of useful resources to help on the Charity Finance Group website (CFG is a registered charity, in essence it is dedicated to enhancing the financial management skills of the charity sector).
29413	You can find newspaper articles, letters, advertisements, obituaries, etc. by keyword searching and print or dowload the full text to disk.
29414	You can find opening hours via Halifax's branch locator: http://classic.
29415	You can find our results in the highlights report below.
29416	You can find out more about each library using the.
29417	You can find out more about the work of In Control and see previous Children and Young People’s POET reports on the or contact them on 01564 821 650.
29418	You can find us a few minutes from Victoria Station, close to Westminster Cathedral.
29419	You can focus on the emotions and thoughts you connect to the music, imagine colours and images you’d attach to the music.
29420	You can follow your bids, purchases, and the items you're interested in, as well as your selling activity and messages from other members and eBay.
29421	You can get ahead of the competition by bringing enthusiastic young people with their fresh ideas into your business before they get on to the job ladder.
29422	You can get a thoracic aortic aneurysm if the wall of your aorta weakens, which causes it to bulge outwards.
29423	You can get tips and useful information from CIFAS on how to avoid identity theft and what to do if you are a victim of it.
29424	"You can go from the high moorlands right down to the sea, through lakes, forests and rivers in a very short space of time and we knew we had to find wilderness everywhere."
29425	You can go horse riding and cycling in the forest or head a little further afield to one of the area’s many attractions.
29426	"You can have an art experience in front of a Rembrandt… or in front of a piece of graphic design."
29427	You can have the shoes made exactly the way you want to meet your demands, stand out on the day of the game with their custom player edition or get the boot your game demands with custom traction options.
29428	You can in a few simple steps.
29429	“You can just have quite messy hair, and just shove a couple of grips in it, and have this tiara and a scruffy little dress or whatever.
29430	You can learn about the history of smuggling in Eyemouth at the informative exhibition.
29431	You can learn more about joining an association on the Business Guardian Angel blog.
29432	You can learn so much from their YouTube channel where everything is demonstrated with such clarity and things that seemed quite difficult to understand suddenly become easier.
29433	You can learn with an established brand.
29434	You can link to our channel on your website to help spread prevention messages.
29435	You can make a decision the frozen ones so that your shake will get a lot more thickness.
29436	You can make future-dated payments by selecting the three-day payment option and ‘future-dating’ the payment.
29437	You cannot demolish any part of a listed building, nor extend it, or carry out any interior or exterior alterations affecting its character without first obtaining Listed Building Consent from the Council.
29438	You cannot even talk to their customer services on a clear line.
29439	You cannot hold a street trading licence for another authority on an identical day of trading.
29440	You cannot hope for your clients or customers to pay on time if they don’t know what the timescale is.
29441	You cannot take the person away from the art, and as an individual life changes and your thoughts and feelings change with it.
29442	You can now find content by sector, activity stages (such as ) and there’s a section with advice for participants too.
29443	You can order high resolution photographic prints of your own pictures either from your digital camera, scanner or even your own artwork.
29444	You can pay for the MOT test using cash or a credit/debit card.
29445	You can pay for this type of care privately or you can contact the council to find out about local authority funding for care.
29446	You can phone the support line or ask someone you trust to call on your behalf.
29447	You can provide diagrams and other non text supporting information in the appendix to this question, clearly stating this evidence is for question 16. The maximum file size for appendices is 1MB and up to 6 pages long.
29448	You can purchase a bike, with a complete set of safety accessories (including bags/clothing/helmets/lights/lock etc) for a fraction of the retail cost, AND pay the cost of the package off via salary sacrifice in manageable, monthly installments.
29449	You can read about their experience at St John's May Ball—and their roundup of other balls and May Week ents—in our Investigations section.
29450	You can read Babayaro’s full interview with Sky Sports, here.
29451	You can read more about Gunn in ‘Poor lovely statue!
29452	You can receive your income monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or annually.
29453	You can register your home rights, regardless of whether or not you are still living in the home.
29454	You can renew online by credit or debit card.
29455	You can report an abandoned vehicle using the link below.
29456	You can restrict or block cookies which are set during your use of the website by changing your browser's settings.
29457	You can search for articles by author, subject or title, and complex combined keyword searches are also possible.
29458	You can secure this PEUGEOT 407 DIESEL SW ESTATE with a debit/credit card payment over the phone, or for more information on this car call us now on 0844 357 2570.
29459	You can see a selection of the dishes are influenced by Bar knowledge, with Sherry delightfully showcased.
29460	You can see maps and street lists of the twelve new county council electoral divisions in Cambridge City showing the new polling districts.
29461	You can see the full collection in the gallery until 13th May and also on our website.
29462	You can see the graphic here.
29463	You can see why Freud liked it.
29464	You can select to take any amount of your retirement savings as a cash lump sum.
29465	You can set the bike up for your own weight, your passenger’s weight or, with a few accessories added, you can make adjustments for your luggage too.
29466	You can share your AOL Calendar as a web page or as an iCal URL that others using any iCal application can access.
29467	You can show the people of Manchester they are not alone by donating today.
29468	You can specify many elements of our double glazed windows to suit your requirements, ensuring you get the product that meets your needs and looks great in your home.
29469	You can spend from a fiver to £250 (£250 would be an AWESOME present).
29470	You can spread the cost with easy monthly payments with no interest to pay, and not only will this help you to budget more easily, but you could also save money.
29471	You can start work two days after we have received the Building Notice.
29472	You can still use your Achica voucher at the check out and save even more still.
29473	You can structure your will to make it as tax efficient as possible, but if your estate decreases in value, you should reassess your will to make sure that you are only giving away what is available.
29474	You can suffer huge losses if you do not place required emphasis on accounting.
29475	You can take a three mile walk to Newtown from the New Inn at Shalfleet but for a shorter walk with your family take a stroll down to Shalfleet Quay boatyard and back.
29476	You can take on the Howies Dyfi Enduro Route and there’s also a wealth of watersports to be tackled in the form of kayaking, windsurfing and kite-surfing on the nearby coast.
29477	“You can't do that with an actual piece of paper.
29478	You can tell us about what happened to you in an audio file, video, or in writing.
29479	You can’t get much further away from all the people you don’t like than when you’re on the side of a cliff… which is why we recommend Papaia Tipi for all your getaway needs.
29480	“You can’t give silly goals away at any level of football.”
29481	You can’t go wrong with a tubular style door lock.
29482	You can then gradually build up the amount of activity you do and aim to do a little bit more each day.
29483	You can then narrow your search results down to the cooker hoods that come in that size.
29484	You can then re-open the valve as you wish.
29485	You can then set the time yourself.
29486	You can then use your monthly data allowance to get online when you aren’t connected to Wi-Fi.
29487	You can’t pick and choose which body part you lose weight from, but through a mix of different workouts and a healthy diet, you can reduce your total body fat percentage – meaning you can then focus on which areas you want to tone up and build muscle on.
29488	You can track your parcel online and we can even pack it securely for transit, or you can buy your packaging supplies from us.
29489	You can’t stay in an apartment in Vienna and not try the famous Sachertorte from the Sacher Hotel.
29490	You can't tell whether an area is better or worse than another area.
29491	You can upload these documents during your online application.
29492	You can use a credit card to pay off existing debts.
29493	You can use earplugs for low frequency noises, such as the baseline in music, and ear muffs for high frequency noises, such as an airplane taking off (that’s why you see the people working at the airport wearing big earmuffs!).
29494	You can use it in homes and in commercial areas as well.
29495	You can use it online at any time and then go straight to those records that are available to you here.
29496	You can use it to get as many quotes as possible to find the right one for you.
29497	You can use online car valuation tools, to find the best price for your car before meeting a dealer or you can also look through the classifieds to see what similar cars are advertised for.
29498	You can use our car finance calculator to get an estimate of repayments.
29499	You can use our to check this, but it's a good idea to check the airline website too in case this changes.
29500	You can usually add a glass of fizz to make it more of a celebration.
29501	You can usually convert something negative into a positive feature if you deal with it imaginatively – try building a pillar into an island to create an architectural feature, for example.’
29502	You can view a map of the Conservation Area by clicking on the link below.
29503	You can visit lots of attractions for free here.
29504	You choice could reveal a lot about your personality.
29505	You choose a suitable solicitor and book a consultation, which can be face-to-face, over the telephone or by email.
29506	You choose whether to download and use the app to manage your points and receive promotions.
29507	You climb the falls by climbing from rock to rock.
29508	You could also ask about their personal experiences of injections, they might be able to give you a clearer idea of what it really feels like - It can really help to have people who understand this supporting you.
29509	You could also attend the 'How to read and take notes' and 'how to get started with critical writing' workshops in your campus library.
29510	You could also help them with schoolwork and homework.
29511	You could also make regular payments into investment products, such as a stocks and shares Isa or Unit Trust Investment Funds.
29512	You could also teach people who want to learn more about dance and movement so they can improve their health and wellbeing.
29513	You could be fined up to £5000 if you don't have an up-to-date horse passport.
29514	You could buy an XPS 13 with 8GB RAM, Skylake i5, 128GB version, buy a 256GB 950 Pro SSD, sell the stock SSD, get a case and portable mouse, and altogether not break $1,000.
29515	You could discuss how easy it is to access pornography today.
29516	You could easily spend all day at Crealy Adventure Park, so make some time for it in your North Cornwall itinerary.
29517	You could have a look that is quick google for David Johnson high blood pressure fix to get the info you’ll need to help with high blood pressure.
29518	You could, however, argue that it should not be treated as being part of the HMO, especially if it is occupied by a single person/couple and has its own independent entrance.
29519	You could make use of that old door.
29520	You could specialise in areas like IT services, contract management, helpdesk support or training.
29521	You could tell the story of The Bible in that time!
29522	You could work in confined spaces or at heights.
29523	You decide how much time and effort to put into your business.
29524	You definitely can see it on the photos and videos I am presenting.
29525	You deserve the chance to relax and unwind and this luxury venue with its exceptional customer service is just the place to do that.
29526	You deserve to live without abuse.
29527	You do know the scientific community are researching this with great expectations.
29528	You do not have to enter a postcode as you can select items and use the map zooming controls to browse however, for the best experience, using a location to start from is the best way to use this map.
29529	You do not have to use paper liners but if you wish to keep your bin slightly cleaner and your waste contained together, the option is there for you to take advantage of!
29530	You do not legally have to carry a spare wheel or it even be legal in terms of pressure and tread, contrary to what many people think.
29531	You do not need to make a booking to hire a bike, simply turn up and go.
29532	You do not need to notify the CAA directly of your shareholding.
29533	You do not start to make loan repayments until the April after you graduate and you are earning £25,000 (subject to parliamentary approval).
29534	You don't get paid for overtime in this game.
29535	You don’t know who they really are or what their intentions are.
29536	You don't mind waking up and going to work."
29537	You don’t need books to do that, so I wanted it to tell it in such a way that it became a story.
29538	You don't need to ask, of course it's our fantastic Dobell voucher codes!
29539	You don’t need to be a person of influence to be influential – People influence everyone around them day in day out whether it is your friends, co-workers or even family.
29540	You don't seem to have any connection in common with Vaneeta Khurana.
29541	You dont want to make a gateway for people to get into your work systems.
29542	You don’t want to miss this.
29543	You do this by completing a review request form within 25 working days of getting the decision.
29544	You’d responsibly remove hazardous materials like asbestos so buildings are safe for people to use.
29545	You either love Christmas shopping or you don’t – there’s no real grey area.
29546	You feel betrayed, and rightly so.
29547	You feel so at home the minute you walk in. Coco our dog actually thinks the field behind is an extension to her garden it is so well located and private.
29548	You fly to Geneva and transfer to the extremely comfortable four-star MGallery Royal-St.
29549	You get miles of lovely beaches, and some of the Adriatic’s finest seafood.
29550	You get tax relief on anything you pay into your pension up to your annual allowance (£40,000 or less).
29551	You get the skills but you also get the vibrancy, and it just changes the dynamic completely.
29552	You have a polite and pleasant manner about you and you always looked very smart and presentable wich is very important when conducting business on behalf of your employers and customers.
29553	You have a wide range of accommodation to choose from in the University's three student villages: The Vale Village, Pritchatts Park Village, and Selly Oak Village, all of which are a short walk from Priorsfield and your academic departments.
29554	You have completed all the questions, you may go back to check your answers or click Submit to complete the test.
29555	You have employment rights under the Disability Discrimination Act (DDA).
29556	You have encouraged us, supported us and kept pesky time wasters away from us.
29557	"You have got to remember something about Martin - he is an absolute road warrior and I'm not sure how many times or how many bad decisions he can take.
29558	You have the right of access to any personal information we hold about you.
29559	You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
29560	You have to be brave to wear coloured denim but the grey t-shirt tones it down.
29561	You have to carefully decide where every block goes, or you'll be trapped very quickly.
29562	You have to collect coupons when you do your weekly shop.
29563	You have to decide if the small(ish) problem of political divergence after a 40-year relationship is indicative of a major problem in your marriage, or not.
29564	You have to enable the filter to show the Legend box.
29565	You helped us so much with the planning which made the whole day run seamless.
29566	You ignore another path to the left and go towards the main road ahead of you.
29567	You know first-hand how fast children grow and that your tourer will not grow with them.
29568	You know what, he knew, he knew that I wasn’t out to my mum.”
29569	"You know when the time is right and the opportunity is right.
29570	You know yourself if you’ve worked hard, gave 100% and trained to the best of your ability, so don’t let anything else affect your positivity.
29571	You leave your bakes in the tent, trusting that a naughty squirrel won’t decide to have a little nibble before you’ve finished your somewhat panic-filled lunch.
29572	You’ll also conduct a master’s project within an area of cybersecurity that’ll allow you to build on your existing skills.
29573	You’ll also develop presentation skills and learn how to run an astro-tourism event in your local area whether that’s the National Parks or the two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) in the Howardian Hills and Nidderdale.
29574	You'll also find a flat screen TV, digital radio and Nespresso coffee machine.
29575	You’ll also find whilst driving another person’s car, your cover will only be third party, rather than fully comprehensive.
29576	You’ll also get access to a range of trainer videos to help set you off on the right foot.
29577	You'll also see the names of their immediate family.
29578	You’ll also see what influencers they engaged and what media interest they generated.
29579	You'll also take classes covering subjects such as management science, electronic commerce, business process integration with ERP, business analytics with data mining, project management, risk analysis & management.
29580	You'll be able to borrow up to two items at any one time from our 2 week and 4 week loan collections.
29581	You’ll be able to fully indulge yourself with full use of the Leisure Club, Heat & Ice facilities, choice of treatment and a delicious two-course buffet lunch.
29582	You'll be able to mix any of these pension options at different times in your retirement.
29583	You’ll be able to send information securely and instantly rather than waiting for paper applications to be posted – and you’ll eliminate the risk of them getting lost in the post.
29584	You’ll be surprised how much you are actually spending!
29585	You’ll be the first to find the best deals every day.
29586	You’ll be there for a few days so it’s an opportunity to make friends, play games in the JCR, talk to older students.
29587	You’ll be working with hot molten glass straight from the furnace so you’ll need extreme attention to detail and a steady pair of hands as well as creativity to master this skill.
29588	You’ll depart London and pass through beautiful English countryside and rural France, past historical landmarks and famous World War I battlefields, finishing at the iconic Eiffel Tower.
29589	You’ll engage with the research culture of the Department of EnglishCentre for Renaissance and Early Modern Studies, with a diverse schedule of seminars, conferences and reading groups for you to attend.
29590	You’ll find a feast of glorious gardens in stunning locations across Argyll & The Isles.
29591	You'll find details on how to contact them below.
29592	You'll find Havencourt Care Home in the picturesque town of Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire.
29593	You’ll find her contact detail in the blue box.
29594	You’ll find information below about the causes of sludge in your central heating system.
29595	You'll have a good time if you visit this site during your time in Madurai.
29596	You’ll have separate servers to handle hosting and database management, ensuring your website has the speed and power it deserves.
29597	You'll have to keep your skills and knowledge up to date with annual continuing professional development (CPD).
29598	You’ll know you’ve finished when you’ve addressed all the user needs you wrote at the start of the session.
29599	You’ll learn supreme skills and our management team will give you support like you wouldn’t believe.
29600	You'll learn to enjoy ‘goon’ which is the colloquial term for cheap boxed wine: five litres for $12 but your liver and stomach won't like you in the morning.
29601	You’ll mainly be based at our Wembley offices but there will be times when you’ll be working in our Hertford offices.
29602	You’ll need options for fitting them properly.
29603	You’ll need to be happy working with others, including clients’ staff, other security personnel and contractors, depending on the industry you work in.
29604	You'll need to inform the school in writing that you wish to educate your child at home and remove them from the school roll.
29605	You’ll need to show you had a good reason for resigning, or you might not get any money for around 3 months.
29606	You’ll need your Policy number to hand when you call us.
29607	You’ll probably need to stay for between two and five days if you have open surgery.
29608	You’ll qualify if it’s lived in by a relative or resident of the main house.
29609	You’ll receive a complimentary glass of Pimms on your arrival and two-for-one cocktails are available to purchase at bars inside the Main Galleries, to add a taste of summer to your evening.
29610	You’ll receive an email when the parcel is dispatched from our warehouse, when it is received by (our couriers) and when it is due for delivery.
29611	You’ll receive free access to the 5 million BT wi-fi hotspots that are located all across the country so you can stay up to date and connected wherever you happen to be.
29612	You’ll see a chamber on each side that collects water as it drains from the windscreen.
29613	You’ll see the trams, check in on the old pubs and shops and the long-gone houses and cottages from the times when houses were quirky, unique, pretty as a picture and built to last.
29614	You'll spend around half of your time in hands-on activity and practical projects.
29615	You'll undertake an individual sports design project in Year 4. This is conceived, developed and tested by you.
29616	You’ll usually be able to go home after about 20 minutes if you feel ready.
29617	You’ll usually have your IUS fitted within seven days of the start of your last period.
29618	You may also be offered a similar incentive as an active member of a scheme, if you agree to transfer your benefits to a new scheme.
29619	You may also contact the Criminal Cases Review Commission.
29620	You may also lose some breeds that are hefted to moorland areas,” he added.
29621	You may also need to have a medical.
29622	You may also notice your child is not gaining weight as quickly as they should.
29623	You may also provide your information to us via another website e.g. agencies who promote reduction in personally addressed unsolicited direct marketing mail, e.g. local authority and consumer protection organisations.
29624	You may also wish to refer to our to get an idea of what studying away from campus might be like.
29625	You may appoint a single data protection officer to act for a group of controllers, taking into account their structure and size.
29626	You may be able to get help to pay for housing support and other care costs, including self-directed support (direct payments), so you can arrange and pay for your own care services.
29627	You may be justifiably angry or upset about what has happened.
29628	You may be restricted to smaller caravans or trailers if you don’t have the right categories on your licence.
29629	You may choose to opt in to receiving our newsletter via our Websites and/or you may be automatically added to our newsletter subscription when you enter competitions via our Websites.
29630	You may choose to support a charity which is specific to your area or has a particular relevance to your clients or customers.
29631	You may decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in this case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site.
29632	You may download one (1) copy only of the Content to be used only by you for your personal use at home unless the subsite you are accessing states that you may not.
29633	You may end up with an unexpected tax bill if your profits aren’t enough and you’ve been taking dividends out.
29634	You may find that you appreciate what you do drink a whole lot more.
29635	You may find that you can help with self management.
29636	You may find the following resources about accessibility and inclusion useful.
29637	You may find the links below useful as you read the draft strategy.
29638	You may give us your Identity Data and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, post, email or otherwise.
29639	You may have experience with a previous business or may be thinking of entering the sector for the first time, possibly straight from Higher or Further Education.
29640	You may have previously owned a car on finance or taken out a personal loan to go traveling.
29641	You may just be visiting to shop until you drop, but we think our stunning salon is worth a visit.
29642	You may listen to them for an hour with pleasure and without hearing a characteristic touch.
29643	You may love or hate a public work of art, but is it harmful to you health?
29644	You may make a variety of payments using this secure site with most major credit or debit cards.
29645	You may need advice from our team, who give advice on building standards and safety advice.
29646	You may need help from a close family member, who lives with you, with organising and managing your direct payments.
29647	You may need some Dutch courage!
29648	You may need to leave your name and contact details and a time for us to ring you back.
29649	You may no longer be with us, but you will live on in our hearts, and will continue to be an inspiration to the many lives you touched throughout your twenty seven years.
29650	You may not get back the court fees you pay out.
29651	You may notice the bleeding is redder and heavier when you breastfeed.
29652	You may not photocopy any guide or pass on electronic copies without our permission.
29653	You may now donate your unwanted items that are still in good condition to your local Recycling Centre's Reuse cabin.
29654	You may request a full list of insurers we use at any time.
29655	You may see an increased police presence but this is about giving people greater reassurance and does not mean there is any specific threat to our borough.
29656	You may select an optional Student Enterprise Unit which incurs a cost of approximately £20.
29657	You may select from the cord colours below: You love our Celebrity Monogram collection so we now have another to add to it, the Celebrity Monogram Bracelet on Shamballa Cord.
29658	You may try to convince yourself that appearance doesn't matter, but in terms of running a business it is definitely not true.
29659	You may use a German dictionary.
29660	You may want to add this page to your favourites and come directly to it in future.
29661	You may want to set up a filter for each of your brands so that users can know that they are only looking at assets for the brand they are interested in. To do this you would need to create one filter for each brand.
29662	You may wish to consider booking an appointment in for more information and for details of the options available to you.
29663	You may wish to keep a copy.
29664	You might also want to look at The Water Report’s Customer Guide.
29665	You might be surprisedIs it the Llandoger Trow, the Hatchet Inn, the Rummer Hotel, the Full Moon in Stoke's Croft?
29666	You might have a CT or PET scan, a chest x-ray or an MRI scan.
29667	You might have already tried Smokestak’s food at Street Feast – they serve some of the best brisket in town.
29668	You might identify a to work towards, that fits with each of your life values or purpose.
29669	You might like also like to think about past experiences.
29670	You might not have noticed them.
29671	You might not need to build it from the ground up.
29672	You might not think that a very complex African rhythm swings, because it’s too complex for you to understand.
29673	You must also be aware of currency risk when putting money into a fund investing in foreign companies.
29674	You must also get an employment declaration from your new employee before making deductions from their pay.
29675	You must ask permission to link directly to pages hosted on this site.
29676	You must be 18 or over to drive/ride private cars and motorcycles over 125cc.
29677	You must be a proud man having such a delightful and professional team of people working with you.
29678	You must comply with instructions and directions given by venue staff and stewards.
29679	You must find the right one for yourself so that you can visit the city within your estimated budget.
29680	You must follow strict legal procedures if you want your tenants to leave your property, even if the fixed term has expired.
29681	You must get this from a Gas Safe Registered engineer for all pipe work, gas appliances and flues installed at your property.
29682	You must have an environmental permit if you operate a regulated facility in South Tyneside.
29683	You must not be carrying the phone in your hand.
29684	You must not be disqualified from holding a licence, and you must be fit to be the holder of the licence.
29685	You must not copy these or misuse them in any way, or use these for commercial purposes without our consent or an appropriate licence.
29686	You must not create or use a modified or derivative version of our software or distribute or sublicense our software to third parties.
29687	You must notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorised use of your mobile phone.
29688	You must notify us through if you wish to request us to reactivate your Account.
29689	You must pre-treat waste before you send it to landfill.
29690	You must provide a medical certificate to your employer to get Statutory Sick Pay.
29691	You must state the offer at time of booking.
29692	You must tell us when the work is complete or if the project is to be occupied.
29693	You must wait for written confirmation of the decision on your application and complete the grant offer agreement, before undertaking any associated works.
29694	You need a good honours degree (SCQF level 10) in an appropriate subject such as physics or engineering.
29695	You need a regular supply of books to feed and nurture it, and nothing does that better than a library.
29696	You need a Windows' screen reader to select and open a book, but when you open a book the built-in voice takes over for reading it.
29697	You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call 01483 894362.
29698	You need to ensure that you are making enough money to get by, and that you do not get into any risky debt.
29699	You need to feel confident that your information is safe in our hands.
29700	You need to follow a few easy steps and do NOT need a login name or password.
29701	You need to make it very low risk for that first-time customer to do business with you so they can build that trust and eventually return and buy more from you.
29702	You need to make that clear as quickly as possible.
29703	You need to remember that if you have a listed building you will need listed building consent for any significant works whether internal or external.
29704	You need to submit a personal statement (up to 500 words) with your application.
29705	You need to think carefully about how best to display the two languages, for ease of reading.
29706	You never know: you don’t have to be a princess to have a fairytale story."
29707	“Young Carers should be entitled to be children first and foremost.
29708	Young children's use of phrase structure and inflectional information in form-class assignments of novel nouns and verbs.
29709	“Young Cooks is a great opportunity to get kids into the kitchen – we’re excited about being involved as a judge and seeing what they produce!”
29710	Young males usually form bachelor groups until they are about 4 years old and able to compete for mates.
29711	Young Terry would scour the area for cheap wood offcuts then set about making and selling wooden clothes horses.
29712	You only need to complete this step once, and then you can log on to your account to apply for as many licences as you need.
29713	You only need to pay one council tax bill per property.
29714	You, on the other hand, won’t have slept a wink for worry…
29715	You or your partner must either -
29716	You pay on success only, if we can not sell your Bistro we do not get paid.
29717	You probably want to buy a brand new drill anyone are clueless in what drill you may need to be buying.
29718	You purchased your product and would like to return it because.
29719	Your Ad blocker might block your donation from Bungalow.
29720	Your ad goes lives almost immediately – Ads can start to appear within 20 minutes of having set it up.
29721	Your ASC director takes the time to talk through the different commercial finance options with you, to ensure that we can source the right finance for your business, from crowdfunding and alternative sources of finance, to traditional high street banks.
29722	Your attendance at our events is free of charge; however, due to the fact that we restrict the number of attendees, a cancellation fee of £500 will apply should you cancel from 10/08/2018 and your organisation does not provide a suitable replacement.
29723	Your available balance could be more or less than your account balance.
29724	Your body sends essential minerāls to bones to strengthen them when stressed.
29725	Your body will eventually need to get rid of the accumulation of pus.
29726	Your card will only be charged if you have a winning bid when the auction closes.
29727	Your car hire can be customised with our deals on useful add-ons and upgrades.
29728	Your case will be sent to the correct person or team at Bettson and escalated at the correct times, to the correct person, if required.
29729	Your case will be sent to the correct person or team at Estee Lauder and escalated at the correct times, to the correct person, if required.
29730	Your child will need to apply for student finance every year.
29731	Your conference organiser has arranged for you to book bed and breakfast at St Anne’s via this link.
29732	Your contact details will be supplied to the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA) for this purpose, regardless of your alumni contact preferences.
29733	Your Darwinian approach was too limited.
29734	Your device's IP address may help us determine an approximate location.
29735	Your district or borough council determines the regulations concerning the use of allotments.
29736	Your doctor can explain the risks and benefits of these investigations in more depth, answer any questions you have, and – if appropriate – involve you in any decisions about investigations.
29737	Your doctor will examine your neck to assess the size and shape of the thyroid gland.
29738	Your donations of non-perishable foodstuffs and other goods will go to two foodbanks, one based in Bury and one based in Oldham.
29739	You receive statements in your name relating to accounts that you have not opened.
29740	You’re considering reasonable adjustments with an employee who is protected by the Disability Discrimination Acts.
29741	You’re encouraged to get friends to sponsor you but don’t worry if you can’t, you’re still welcome to join in.
29742	You're fantastic with advice and also action plans, so you'll go down a treat.
29743	You're fully verified once your profile is at 100%.
29744	You’re hereby authorized to wear this empowering garnet.
29745	You’re legally allowed to extend the lease once you’ve owned the home for more than two years.
29746	Your eligible deposits with Northern Bank Limited trading as Danske Bank are protected up to a total of £85,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), the UK’s deposit protection scheme.
29747	Your employer may offer a confidential Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) or can refer you through an occupational health service.
29748	You’re never far from the water in Bradford on Avon.
29749	You’re not alone – we’re here to help you.
29750	You're not locked into anything, so you can change your data, add more minutes or even switch networks at any time.
29751	You’re not too far away from Britain’s highest mountain, Ben Nevis; a bracing climb to the top is one of the most rewarding (and literally breathtaking) challenges you can face.
29752	You’re only as good as your last book, as they say, and publishers don’t exactly strew new contracts around like roses from their hatband in a 1930s musical.
29753	You’re personally responsible for any losses your business makes.
29754	You're presented with the album's cover art, previous, play/pause and next buttons and a volume slider.
29755	You represent that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service.
29756	You’re responsible for maintenance and repairs.
29757	You’re six months in and are now rotating around the business, this time you could be placed in BeagleStreet.com or Frontline working on eCommerce projects such as launching new life propositions or working on the SEO strategy.
29758	You're spoilt for choice as far as thrills go.
29759	Your essay can custom essays help make clear what your objectives are, when on the other hand, it demonstrates to you can implement instructions without having to be clumsy.
29760	You're sure to find the perfect gift for every man in your life in our Holiday Gift Guide.
29761	You're towing a small trailer on a busy three-lane motorway.
29762	You’re welcome to be a part of a local food community that is rich in the things that matter.
29763	You're welcome to give Cat Sponsorship as a gift – it's ideal for anyone you know who loves cats.
29764	Your family will be involved in and affected by the business too and you need to make sure they are committed to supporting you.
29765	Your fare covers transporting you from the airport at the place of departure to the airport at the place of destination, unless we say otherwise.
29766	Your final wedding video will be presented to you in a luxury wedding case and of course, you have the option to buy additional copies.
29767	Your final year will build on all the knowledge you have acquired enabling you to analyse, design and manage civil engineering systems in an integrated manner.
29768	Your first e-newsletter should arrive in your inbox in a few days time.
29769	Your food business will now be required to provide allergy information on all foods containing allergens as ingredients (whether sold prepacked or loose).
29770	Your fundraising helps our mission to see cervical cancer prevented and be there for every woman affected.
29771	Your GP will probably have a fair idea if you meet the criteria to be a suitable candidate, and will refer you to a respected and experienced surgeon in your area.
29772	Your GP will usually be able to diagnose asthma by asking about your or your child's symptoms and carrying out some simple breathing tests.
29773	Your group will remain together for the whole event.
29774	Your guide to Ross-shire's best events.
29775	Your heart is a muscle and pushing it to work hard a few days each week may help to improve your cardiac output.
29776	Your help and guidance throughout not only the day but the weeks and months of planning was greatly appreciated.
29777	Your help in choosing the right colours to match our colour scheme and listening to ideas I had and then putting them in place.
29778	Your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on your mortgage or other loan secured on it.
29779	Your home will be listed on the UK's major property portals and will benefit from their property matching services.
29780	Your IHG Rewards Premium Credit Card carries an annual fee of £99, which is applied to your account in the first Statement period, and annually thereafter.
29781	Your interview will be focused on how your skills and knowledge enable you to work effectively in different working environments.
29782	Your jaw muscles may also be affected, which can make chewing difficult.
29783	Your letters news from the Dorset EchoWe use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process data for such purposes as to personalise content, deliver personalised advertising, to perform analytics, and to optimise the functionality of our site.
29784	Your local CAB can go through your circumstances and advise you on what to do next.
29785	Your local Family Information Service can point you in the right direction and advise you of what provision already exists in the area.
29786	Your loving wife, Mandy.
29787	Your loyalty program should keep you ahead of the competition and retain your best customers.
29788	Your lunch is served in your meeting room.
29789	Your medical records will be transferred to the new surgery.
29790	Your mind from feasting.
29791	Your monthly fee gives you access to eBay Shops tools that you can use to build, manage, promote, and track your business.
29792	Your name and address will be public, but we will remove any signatures, telephone numbers and email addresses from material we display on the online planning system.
29793	Your nationality and residency status will determine which of them you are eligible for.
29794	Your naturally ebullient character imposes itself on your ability to do your job to great effect.
29795	Your newborn's eyes will be checked shortly after birth as part of their newborn physical examination.
29796	Your Order constitutes an offer by you to buy the Product(s) at the price set out in the Order.
29797	Your payroll software should easily produce this report to include each employee, pay frequency, assessment date, employee’s age, pensionable pay and assessment category.
29798	Your payslip might show how much you have been paid so far in this financial year.
29799	Your picture last week of the wreck of the SS John Randolph on Torrisdale Bay brought memories flooding back.
29800	Your Plumber Limited - Plumbers in Bournemouth, Dorset - View on map - View on mapWe use cookies to allow us and selected partners to analyse site performance to improve your experience and for advertising.
29801	Your presentation must reflect the quality and ethos of your product, system or service to the industry.
29802	Your professionalism, approachability and quick responses to my email queries were greatly appreciated.
29803	Your provision of full contact details for two referees.
29804	Your RAC membership gives you peace of mind, a range of free services, discounts and even entries for the chance to win big in the monthly free prize draw.
29805	Your R&D tax credit claim will then either reduce or eliminate your corporation tax liability.
29806	Your reliance on this website and your use of this website is entirely at your own risk.
29807	Your request will be handled under the Data Protection Act if you ask for information about yourself.
29808	Your retirement is likely to last 20 or 30 years or more.
29809	Your role will be varied and challenging, and training will be provided where necessary.
29810	“Your safety and the safety of other road users are the most important things to consider.
29811	Your safety is too important to simply guess your size.
29812	Your section can also be at different levels for different activities.
29813	Your shirt seems to be changing colour from the 'armpits out' in real-time.
29814	Your SIM will arrive in 3 working days.
29815	Your son or daughter’s progress will be measured in relation to their performance at GCSE.
29816	Your student certificate will be required along with the application form.
29817	Your supervisor will consider this in light of the University policy and requirements of your eThesis, and either approve or override your preferred access level.
29818	Your supporters and our community of crowdfunders working alongside each other to turn your idea into reality.
29819	Your support on September 20th would be much appreciated.
29820	Your surgeon will perform the tonsillectomy through your child’s mouth.
29821	Your three great allies in clothes care are heat, steam and a good stiff brush.
29822	Your tone of voice is of profound importance to how people perceive your brand.
29823	Your Tutor will then complete a separate section and will forward the form to the Senior Tutor.
29824	Your understanding of the process could be pivotal so the summary below aims to set-out the key success factors your clients should strive for.
29825	Your use of the Site and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms and conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
29826	Your visitors should already know that those who have used your services were satisfied.
29827	Your volunteer will visit about once a week.
29828	Your warranty covers corrosion of the inside and outside of your Honda’s body panels.
29829	Your website is a business asset and a sign of professionalism, so don’t skimp on web design t. A good, yet affordable, website will allow your business to scale in a safe and controlled manner.
29830	Your website will incorporate features that enable it to grow with you, including the facility to add extra components and functionalities during the initial project, or further down the line as your business develops.
29831	You said that it is good to find out the majority of what you want to know is on the Local Offer however knowing where to find it is hard.
29832	You say you only fund work that is 'legally charitable' - What does this mean?
29833	You see—I never had any voice lessons: I just had it on the instruments, and music, but through the trumpet and the trombone, that I used to play, it showed me how to breathe vocally.
29834	You seek to transform the pain.
29835	You shall be informed whether you have been successful in securing a place on this work experience by the week commencing 7 May 2018.
29836	You shall go to the Panto!
29837	You shall have pay and every thing you wish.
29838	You shall not find a clean house inhabited by clean people, and yet wanting necessaries; the same spirit of industry that keeps folk clean being sufficient to keep them also in food and raiment.
29839	You should aim to eat less than 6g (0.2oz) of salt a day, which is about a teaspoonful.
29840	You should already have received a letter from HMRC inviting you to register your childminding setting as a Tax-Free Childcare provider.
29841	You should also ask your community pharmacist about registering on their Minor Ailments service – you may be eligible to receive over-the-counter medicine free-of-charge if you need them.
29842	You should also consider your own personal tolerance to investment risk.
29843	You should also note that to go down the civil sanctions route your organisation must have been non-compliant with the Packaging Waste Regulations after 6 April 2010 in England and 15 July 2010 in Wales.
29844	You should also protect your possessions by taking out contents insurance.
29845	You should also remember that 20 minutes is an absolute minimum; a modern employer should allow further breaks where the health and safety of their employees requires it.
29846	You should also return your card to our Transportation Department using the address below.
29847	You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.
29848	You should apply to your licensing authority between 30 April and 30 July 2007.
29849	You should be able to get all the riboflavin you need from your daily diet.
29850	You should be able to get more information about GDPR relating to biological records from your local biological records centre.
29851	You should be able to move money from one betting account to another in less than 24 hours – which is much quicker than a traditional bank.
29852	You should be informed of the scheme when you start University.
29853	You should be seen by a foetal medicine specialist who has cared for MCMA twins before.
29854	You should check our terms for changes from time to time, but if the revisions are material then we will notify you of them using the contact details you have provided to us.
29855	You should complain directly to the firm in the first instance.
29856	You should consider contacting Slater and Gordon for a review of your existing will following life events such as a new relationship, marriage, having children, separation, divorce or a significant change in your finances.
29857	You should consider the potential for producing a summary of the key outcomes from the assessment and either sending it to members with existing communications or publishing it on your website.
29858	You should constantly be on the lookout for areas that might induce skidding, such as unexpected ice patches or piles of wet leave, which tend to be found in shady areas or on flyovers.
29859	You should contact us immediately upon discovering any unauthorised use of your account or error in the operation of your username and/or password.
29860	You should go to these organisations for guidance on what your organisation should do to prepare for GDPR.
29861	You should have been in every cabin the 1st night of sailing!
29862	You should know how much space you need.
29863	You should not burn any waste that is likely to create excessive smoke or noxious fumes and it is illegal to dispose of waste not from your property, either from your workplace or from a neighbour.
29864	You should not deposit funds or use your new account until you have entered the country in which the account has been opened.
29865	You should notify the tribunal of any requirements well in advance of your telephone hearing by FOAM message, email, letter or telephone.
29866	You should notify your referees immediately you decide to apply to Cambridge so that they can start to prepare your references.
29867	You shouldn’t apply gels to your breasts or near your vaginal area.
29868	You should only provide us with information that's accurate and complete where we ask you to provide such information.
29869	You should receive an acknowledgement within one working day, and receive your information within 20 working days, unless any exemptions apply.
29870	You should receive an email within the next 15 minutes containing a link that will enable you to reset your password.
29871	You should report the theft to local police and obtain a police report, then go to your local embassy who should be able to cancel your passport and issue you with emergency paperwork, there may be a fee and background checks involved in this.
29872	You should talk to your doctor for advice before you go, and get information from the tourist office, embassy or high commission of the country you're visiting about getting medical treatment while you're there.
29873	You should understand these before you decide to go ahead.
29874	You simply apply for the course programme that is most appropriate for you.
29875	You take pride in what you do and you do it well.
29876	You then choose 1 of these supervisors for your main D.Phil. project.
29877	You think that you can’t get through the hard times, but you come out even stronger.
29878	Youth Panel Joint Chair Andrew McFadden said: “One of the challenges the youth assembly will face is to ensure that it is truly representative of all sections of our community.
29879	You type in a general keyword you’re trying to target and they’ll provide similar suggestions with an estimation of how many searches they receive per month.
29880	You use the employee’s tax code and National Insurance category letter to work out how much Income Tax and NICs to deduct from their pay and how much Employer’s Class 1 NICs you owe on their earnings.
29881	You've found it!
29882	You’ve made the jump and moved into an off-grid home… now what?
29883	You've now lost your right to pay by instalments and must pay the full balance.
29884	You’ve worked hard to become a homeowner, and equity release doesn’t have to mean giving that up!
29885	You walk into a shop and the assistants are all frantically busy.
29886	You walk into a store/shop - what do you expect?
29887	You want to dismiss an employee with almost twelve months’ service.
29888	You want to feel the old world charm in this house.
29889	You want to know what the council can do if you report graffiti to them.
29890	You were all superb."
29891	You were a massive help whenever I had a question or needed help with something.
29892	You were positive about how visually appealing the site is though we can improve it, too.
29893	You were the best Dad.
29894	You were the perfect first guests!
29895	You will also be able to enjoy greater flexibility as they offer one and 12-month plans, while their SIMs are compatible with all mobiles.
29896	You will also be given the opportunity to practise with non-paying pupils under our supervision.
29897	You will also benefit from our academics’ memberships with professional bodies and relationships estabilished with third party organisations.
29898	You will also be provided with a Key Facts Illustration (KFI) about the specific mortgage being recommended.
29899	You will also explore ideas, debates and issues in the creative and cultural industries.
29900	You will also have to pay £500 for the Induction Workshop.
29901	You will also need to complete our medical diet request form.
29902	You will also need to confirm that each person named as a director and/or secretary has consented to act in this capacity.
29903	You will also need to ensure you have sufficient funds in your bank account so please check the Tier 4 Policy Guidance well in advance.
29904	You will always receive a warm friendly greeting from Richard and Paddy.
29905	You will be able to apply the Laplace transform and Z transform in the development of transfer functions for a range of simple dynamic systems, and design static and dynamic control systems to achieve a set of desired control objectives.
29906	You will be able to develop your artistic skills, as well as your organisational and communication skills; both of which are important in any profession."
29907	You will be able to tune and watch these splendid channels in HD for free in the beginning of next year.
29908	You will be an excellent communicator with a passion for Client service.
29909	You will be approached by an authorised officer of Harlow Council who will introduce themselves and show you their identification.
29910	You will be asked for it when you leave.
29911	You will be asked for your account name and number, and for a delivery point (address).
29912	You will be a successful and enthusiastic Finance Analyst reporting to the Financial Controller based in the head office.
29913	You will be enthusiastic with experience of collaborative working.
29914	You will be exposed to the newer ways of achieving competitive advantage in today’s business environment.
29915	You will be given 30 minutes to complete this section of the test.
29916	You will be given a broad grounding in the major approaches to both disciplines, with emphasis on the cultivation of research skills.
29917	You will be given a business contract and a therapy contract setting out this information.
29918	You will be given ample training regarding lesson techniques so no experience is necessary, although it may help if you chat to another AWO from your Wg who has recently completed the course.
29919	You will be given a score about your alcohol use based on questions your healthcare professional asked you during your NHS Health Check.
29920	You will be given step-by-step directions and support.
29921	You will be inspired to develop your own practice in drawing and painting with individual advice and tutoring in appropriate technique and media.
29922	You will be issued a signed keepsake Certificate to mark the occasion.
29923	You will be lucky to see these two rarities, but there are plenty of other flowers to enjoy.
29924	You will be paid as an employee of the company you’re working for as well as receiving a university education that is covered by your employer and the government.
29925	You will be providing the puppy with a vital foundation for its future role as a guide dog with someone with sight loss.
29926	You will be required to display your blue badge as you enter the site.
29927	You will be required to produce documentary evidence.
29928	You will be responsible for ensuring contracts are managed efficiently and to budget.
29929	You will be sent a code by text message and will take this to your nearest or most convenient PayPoint outlet.
29930	You will be studying in a city steeped in history – a world heritage site that has been home to famous historical figures including Adam Smith, Charles Darwin, Robert Louis Stevenson, Sophia Jex-Blake, Julius Nyerere, and Muriel Spark.
29931	You will be supported to undertake recognised qualifications whilst gaining invaluable on-the-job experience.
29932	You will be taken through some security questions as we need to confirm your identity before your password can be reset.
29933	You will be taught by internationally distinguished researchers who are experts in their field.
29934	You will be taught through a combination of lectures, seminars and tutorials and will receive supervision with your research project.
29935	You will be visited by your allocated assessor at your place of work and discussions with your employer will form supportive evidence of your achievements.
29936	You will carry out a literature review, independent fieldwork, and undertake sociolinguistic analysis using a variety of mathematical and computational tools.
29937	You will consider the question “what is illustration?” and seek to redefine and cross boundaries.
29938	You will develop both the knowledge and practical skills which will allow you to work in a variety of establishments and settings including hotels, restaurants, and specialist events catering.
29939	You will develop your ability to reflect and self assess.
29940	You will explore how the societies we live in shape us as individuals in all sorts of ways, with top-rated teaching and a culture of dynamic research.
29941	You will find a train station in Fort William, Inverness and Spean Bridge.
29942	You will find details of all current and forthcoming opportunities here.
29943	You will find fascinating sites of historical importance, commemorating the achievements of the revolutionary Ernesto Che Guevara, including the mausoleum containing his remains and several museums documenting his life.
29944	You will find Logheights in the grounds of Ripley Castle.
29945	You will get cravings for the nicotine when you stop.
29946	You will have an excellent floor presence and be responsible for store sales, service, loss prevention and ensuring the store is compliant with policy and procedures set in place.
29947	You will have around 15 hours of contact time per week.
29948	You will have created a SQL database from scratch or been involved in a team that made Tables, Stored Procedures, Logging and Roles as well as Groups and Users.
29949	You will have GCSEs at grade D or above in English & Maths with a commitment to attain Level 2 in Maths & English.
29950	You will have noticed that we didn't put anything in the last newsletter, this was because there was quite a full agenda, and your information wasn't as time sensitive as some of the other things.
29951	You will have the opportunity to meet with a local cleaner for a no obligation interview.
29952	You will have to ask for permission to complete any major works to the property and you could also have to ask permission to have cable TV installed or a satellite dish put on the outside of the building.
29953	You will have to complete an application form to apply for help from the fund and provide documents to support your application.
29954	You will have to pay interest if you do not repay your bill in full every month, so choose a card with a lower APR to keep your costs down.
29955	You will investigate cases of all types, following notification of a complaint.
29956	You will learn about the structural forces, stresses and strains that occur in structural members (e.g. column and beams) and be introduced to design methods to ensure such structural members are stable.
29957	You will learn how techniques have been developed to sequence the human genome and to identify individuals based on features within their DNA.
29958	You will learn to use a sewing machine to create different seams, darts, and zip insertions.
29959	You will likely receive a decision the same day, however, the visa itself (issued as a biometric residence permit) will typically be issued and posted to you within 10 days.
29960	You will need an image – a jpeg is fine.
29961	You will need a relevant qualification and experience to become a Countryside Officer; alternatively you could get a job through the Apprenticeship scheme.
29962	You will need to add a few additional contact details, as well as your VAT Number.
29963	You will need to apply for a Standard ATOL if you intend to carry more than 500 passengers or conduct more than £1M licensable business a year.
29964	You will need to call us to declare a change of overnight postcode.
29965	You will need to pay tuition fees of £9,250 for your PGCE course.
29966	You will need to provide a deposit and more attractive mortgage deals can be obtained with larger deposits.
29967	You will need to provide the details of two referees who should be senior people acquainted with your work and who are able to comment on your academic and/or professional suitability to undertake the course.
29968	You will need to register by collecting your runner number.
29969	You will need to select a specialist solicitor who has experience in cerebral palsy cases and in particular to birth injuries.
29970	You will never find yourself stuck for things to do during your stay.
29971	You will not be charged a fee for your text as this is a free service.
29972	You will not be entitled to receive a second bursary if you miss your scheduled test for any reason.
29973	You will not be permitted access to the Garden before this time.
29974	You will not be subscribed to our mailing list via our contact form.
29975	You will not want to miss these super cute ideas and it& easy as!
29976	You will only pay the amount that is provided in your payment link.
29977	You will probably hear the terms lavatory, loo, toilet, ladies, gents and possibly others!
29978	You will receive a proposed Statement or EHCP and be asked for two preferences of a secondary school you would like your child to transfer to.
29979	You will receive information that is relevant to your specific application.
29980	You will receive one Chunk per pound you spend and you will also get some Chunks for registering and signing up to other promotions.
29981	You will see that there is one piece where you will see James running down the track without his car, determined to be involved in the race.”
29982	You will spend your third year abroad.
29983	You will then be on Edgerley Drain Road.
29984	You will then help train your colleagues in these skills.
29985	You will then need to follow the right closure procedure for your charity; this depends on its structure.
29986	You will then receive a report detailing our findings and if appropriate, what we have done, or plan to do, to put things right.
29987	You will then receive a swipe card to open the barrier at Coed Moel Famau car park and a pass to display in your car in the car parks at Bwlch Pen Barras and Loggerheads Country Park.
29988	You won’t achieve maximum traction if the pressure in the tyres is too low.
29989	"You won't believe the number of calls I get now from people saying how proud they are to work in the industry."
29990	You won’t find this stylish built-in oven anywhere else as it’s an exclusive product to Euronics and Agents stores.
29991	You won't have time to explore it all, but it's well worth a visit, as not only is it a beautiful place to relax, the rocks here record 185 million years of history!
29992	You wouldn’t know it by staring at this conventional-looking brick-clad apartment scheme overlooking train tracks in Hackney, but it is made of wood and glue.
29993	You would register with the Scottish Social Services Council (SSSC) and have approved membership of the Protecting Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme run by Disclosure Scotland.
29994	YOYP is something everyone aged 8 to 26 can support.
29995	YPO has been in existence for over 40 years and it is through a passion for customer service that we will continue to grow and thrive.
29996	Yvonne works from an Integrative perspective with a strong bias to behaviourism.
29997	Zambezia and Nampula are not far behind, with 74.7 and 69.9 per cent illiteracy rates respectively.
29998	Zensa Primitivo Organic 2016 A full, dense and rich wine with intense, sweeta nd ripe fruits.
29999	Zinc is found in sperm and men lose between one and three milligrams per ejaculation.
30000	Zionist leader David Ben Gurion, who became Israel’s first prime minister, worried “There are 40 percent non-Jews in the areas allocated to the Jewish state.
